+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = []
date = 2021-04-27T11:00:00Z
description = "news"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = []
title = "Tech News vom 2021-04-27"
type = "post"

+++

        
## DATAFORTRESS Tech News vom 2021-04-27

# 💻 Große Tech-Unternehmen & Startups

## Apple errichtet Campus in North Carolina und erhöht die Ziele für die US-Spitzenposition (2 Minuten Lesezeit)

https://www.reuters.com/technology/apple-establish-north-ca=rolina-campus-increase-us-spending-targets-2021-04-26/

Apple will establish a new campus in North  Carolina, expand its operation in several other US states, and increase its  spending targets with US suppliers. Most of the jobs at the new site are e xpected to focus on machine learning, artificial intelligence, software eng ineering, and other technology fields. Apple could receive as much as $845. 8 million in tax reimbursements if it hits job and growth targets. The comp any will fund several local projects.

## Pfizer testet eine Pille, die im Erfolgsfall die allererste Heimkur für COVID-19 werden könnte (4 Minuten Lesezeit)

https://montrealgazette.com/news/world/pfizer-is-testing-=a-pill-that-if-successful-could-become-first-ever-home-cure-for-covid-19_=utm_source=3Dtldrnewsletter

 Pfizer has developed a pill designed to sto p Covid-19. It is now starting human trials on the drug, which showed no si gnificant risks or safety concerns during its animal studies. The human tri als will be split into three phases and run for 145 days. Another 28 days w ill be added to the trial period for screening and dosing. The drug attacks  the spine of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and stops it from replicating in the nos e, throat, and lungs. It is classed as a protease inhibitor.

# 🧪 Science

## 15 Menschen lebten 40 Tage in einer sonnenlosen Höhle ohne Uhren, um die Zeit zu studieren (4 Minuten Lesezeit)

https://www.vice.com/en/article/v7emd3/15-people-lived-=40-days-in-a-sunless-cave-without-clocks-to-study-time

15 people spent 40 days living in a cave in  France without sunlight, clocks, or contact with the outside world as part  of an experiment called Deep Time. Deep Time was designed to probe the hum an brain's conception of time and to study the group's response to life in  isolation. There were no natural cues to regulate circadian rhythms in the  darkness of the cave. Participants had to pass mental and physical examinat ions before the experiment, and they were monitored even after their exit.  The experiment could help scientists anticipate the challenges of long-term  submarine and space missions.

## Das NGINX-Handbuch (Website)

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-nginx-handbook/_u=tm_source=3Dtldrnewsletter

NGINX was released in 2004. It currently ho lds 35.3% of the market with a total of 419.6 million sites. There are a lo t of existing codebases for NGINX, but a developer shouldn't just blindly c opy and paste code. This book provides an introduction to NGINX and teaches  the reader how to configure NGINX as a web server, proxy server, and load  balancer from scratch.

# 💾 Code

## signald (GitHub Repo)

https://github.com/thefinn93/signald

signald is a daemon for interacting with Si gnal. There are several libraries for Python and Go to make it easier to in teract with signald. Multiple clients for signald are available.

## Z oom's Immersive View könnte Videoanrufe ein bisschen mehr in-persönlich machen (2 Minuten Lesezeit)

https://www.theverge.com/2021/4/26/22400362/zoom-imme=rsive-view-meeting-virtual-backgrounds

Zoom's new Immersive View will make video c alls look more like an office meeting by placing meeting attendees in a rea listic-looking location. The feature is available for calls with up to 25 p articipants. Calls with more attendees will show participants in a strip of  video thumbnails at the top of the scene. Hosts can resize attendees and m ove them around.

# ✨ Random

## Archäologen haben vielleicht das älteste Haus der Welt gefunden (3 Minuten Lesezeit)

https://interestingengineering.com/archaeologists-may-have-fo=und-the-worlds-oldest-home

The oldest home in hominin history is the W onderwerk Cave located in South Africa. The cave shows evidence of continuo us occupation over several million years, with signs of the use of fire and  precious artifacts found at the site. Its inhabitants were not fully human , and it may have been inhabited by more than one early human ancestor spec ies. The cave was clearly a valued site in the past, and it is still a sacr ed place for locals today.
