+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "many", "tool", "charge"]
date = 2021-05-12T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-05-12 - topics: many, tool, charge"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "many", "tool", "charge", "technology", "dna", "job"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-05-12"
type = "post"

+++

## [TikTok is reportedly testing a job recruitment tools (1 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/tiktok-job-recruitment-tool-report-191359350.html)

TikTok is testing a recruitment tool to help people find jobs and to help companies, recruiters, and brands find candidates. Job listings will be posted on a web page separate from the app. Applicants will be able to post video resumes. The tool could help many young adults get in touch with hiring brands. Users might want to set up secondary accounts to avoid losing out on jobs over ill-advised posts.

## [You can now buy NFTs on eBay, and ‘blockchain-driven collectibles’ are coming soon (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/11/22430827/ebay-nft-collectibles-blockchain-sale)

eBay is allowing NFTs in certain categories to be sold on its platform. NFTs are unique digital items whose ownership is tracked on a blockchain. eBay will allow trusted sellers to list trading cards, music, entertainment, and art. It will expand to more categories after it has gathered feedback about the current offering of NFTs. eBay is open to accepting cryptocurrencies in the future, but it currently only accepts standard payments.

## [Researchers Have Developed A Way To Wirelessly Charge Vehicles On The Road (2 minute read)](https://jalopnik.com/researchers-have-developed-a-way-to-charge-vehicles-on-1846863203)

Electric Vehicle charging is a hassle, causing one-fifth of all EV buyers to go back to gas vehicles. Researchers at Cornell University have developed a technology that can charge vehicles on the road while in motion. The technology can be installed on highways, creating charging lanes so that there would be no need to stop to charge or fuel up. It will be a while before the technology will be seen on roads, if ever. Toyota is working with the research team to use the system to charge electric forklifts.

## [A New Gene Editing Tool Rivals CRISPR, and Can Make Millions of Edits at Once (6 minute read)](https://singularityhub.com/2021/05/11/a-new-gene-editing-tool-rivals-crispr-and-can-make-millions-of-edits-at-once/)

Retron Library Recombineering is a powerful tool that can simultaneously edit millions of DNA sequences and keep track of changes without breaking any DNA strands. Retrons are floating ribbons of DNA that can be converted into a single chain of ssDNA that can replace DNA during recombination. This technique results in the cells' progeny inheriting the target traits. The changes last through generations as cells divide.

## [Next Gen CSS: @container (4 minute read)](https://css-tricks.com/next-gen-css-container/)

@container is a property within the CSS Working Group Containment Level 3 spec that allows developers to style elements based on the size of their parent container. It will be the biggest change in web styling since CSS3. Elements will be able to target their parents and apply their own styles accordingly. This article contains several examples of how to use the @container property.

## [Introducing Plot Components: A new way to build HTML pages using Swift (6 minute read)](https://www.swiftbysundell.com/articles/introducing-plot-components/)

Plot is a domain-specific language for writing type-safe HTML, XML, and RSS in Swift. It focuses on static site generation and Swift-based web development. Plot's latest update added a new API for building HTML components in a very SwiftUI-like way. This article introduces the new API with examples of how to use it.

## [The autonomous vehicle world is shrinking — it’s overdue (6 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/22423489/autonomous-vehicle-consolidation-acquisition-lyft-uber)

As the autonomous vehicle industry matures, it is realizing that the cost and effort it will take to reach mass scale will require more cooperation. There have been many mergers, joint ventures, and other cooperative efforts lately, and the industry is likely to continue shrinking. The consolidation is long overdue, with many automakers promising too much for too long but delivering too little. Huge amounts of investment are still required to bring the concept of autonomous vehicles to reality, and investors would have to tolerate zero cash flow until the technology is safe enough to launch.

## [Ask HN : How to negotiate continuing to work remotely? (Hacker News Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27123553&utm_source=tldrnewsletter/1/01000179600cab20-5badd158-adc3-43ae-ac56-e31dec00fcde-000000/4Oj3Qdx58n52d7AL7EbkbdwFVsEbOHgkTaHCUCaBRL0=192)

Many people started working remotely as COVID started. Some employers are starting to ask workers to return to the office. This thread contains a discussion on how to talk to employers about remaining remote. Opinions vary widely, but the general advice is to state that remote work is a requirement to their employers and to move on if they don't agree. Many tech companies have moved to remote work now, and the job market appears to be healthy for developers.

