+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "web3", "workers", "device"]
date = 2021-12-24T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-12-24 - topics: web3, workers, device, stealth, bomber, (3"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "web3", "workers", "device", "stealth", "bomber", "(3", "available", "article.", "camperforce", "program"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-12-24"
type = "post"

+++

## [Huawei enters China's electric car race in competition with Tesla (3 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/12/23/huawei-joins-chinas-electric-car-race-in-competition-with-tesla.html)

Huawei recently released details on a vehicle with specs it claims beats Tesla's Model Y. The Aito M5 will use both electricity and fuel. It will run Huawei's HarmonyOS operating system. Deliveries will begin after the Lunar New Year, with prices starting at around $39,063. A picture of the vehicle is available in the article.

## [How Amazon’s CamperForce program doubled this year, adding jobs for seasonal workers who live on the road (4 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/12/23/inside-the-growing-amazon-camperforce-program-featured-in-nomadland.html)

CamperForce is a program from Amazon that hires people living in caravans for seasonal jobs. It started in 2008 at just one location and this year it expanded to 26 sites across 14 states. Workers gain benefits after working for certain periods and have some of the cost of their campground fees reimbursed. Some workers are able to work for CamperForce over one season and live off casual jobs while traveling for the rest of the year. A 15-minute video following the lives of some of the workers in the program is available in the article.

## [Take a look at this delicious lickable screen to see the future we knew was coming (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/12/23/22851585/lick-taste-the-tv-screen-snozzberries-flavor-chemicals-menu)

The TTTV is a device that can print flavors onto a screen. It is designed to let people experience things like far-away world-class restaurants without leaving their homes. The device sprays chemicals onto a rolling plastic sheet in combinations that recreate the desired flavor. It was trained by blending up various foods and using sensors to taste them. The creator of the TTTV believes that they can create a commercial version of the device for $875. A 2-minute video showing the device and its potential applications is available in the article.

## [Scientists Can Now Print Metal Objects That Are Only 25 Nanometers Long (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/scientists-can-now-print-metal-objects-that-are-only-25-nanometers-long)

A new 3D printing technique developed by an international group of researchers can print objects out of copper just 25 nanometers in diameter. The electrochemical 3D printing technology could have potential applications in battery technology, microelectronics, and sensor technology. It is based on the familiar process of electroplating.

## [Defining the web3 stack (10 minute read)](https://bit.ly/3FsS5ng/1/0100017dec2164e1-e07c2278-493a-41ec-a0f2-b4bf602a9080-000000/K2C4eU2pqPSH6UOaQc_KwoJ_Yf4e3FbtqDha0UgAFjU=229)

This article discusses the building blocks of the web3 technology stack. Web3 is the stack of protocols that enable fully decentralized applications. Unlike web2, the stack for web3 is not so straightforward as the paradigm is completely different and web3 tools, technologies, and ecosystems are less mature.

## [Mix (Website)](https://bit.ly/3JemNTy/1/0100017dec2164e1-e07c2278-493a-41ec-a0f2-b4bf602a9080-000000/iT_s4_j_ykC7Ni26yq_V1J4TFygOFG4IWjiLGWvdxMA=229)

Mix is an expressive way to build design systems in Flutter. It offers primitive building blocks to help developers and designers create beautiful and consistent UIs. Mix is still in the experimental development stage, so the API is likely to change until the 1.0 release.

## [How Shein beat Amazon at its own game — and reinvented fast fashion (16 minute read)](https://restofworld.org/2021/how-shein-beat-amazon-and-reinvented-fast-fashion/)

Chinese clothing manufactures have been selling directly to international customers online over the last decade, bypassing retailers. These manufacturers use social media, online markets, and access to garment supply chains to accelerate trends and flood closets with cheap clothes. The market transformed people's consumption habits as Chinese apparel makers evolved to cater to their customers. This article looks at how these manufacturers reinvented fast fashion, with a focus on Shein, one of the world's largest fashion companies.

## [Google Earth captures photo of Air Force’s $2 billion stealth bomber in flight (5 minute read)](https://www.popsci.com/military/air-force-b2-spirit-bomber-google-earth/)

A user on Reddit recently posted an image of a B-2 Spirit stealth bomber on Google Earth flying over a farmer's house in Missouri. The area is near the only B-2 base in the world. The B-2 was made to defeat the world's most advanced air-defense systems. Each stealth bomber costs $44.27 million a year to maintain, making it the most expensive aircraft to maintain in Air Force history. The Air Force plans to buy at least 100 B-21s, a new stealth bomber designed to replace the B-2, for around $639 million each.

