+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "location", "data", "gaming"]
date = 2021-12-07T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-12-07 - topics: location, data, gaming, viewers, use, chemical"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "location", "data", "gaming", "viewers", "use", "chemical", "cells", "similar", "streamers"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-12-07"
type = "post"

+++

## [DoorDash tests 15-minute grocery deliveries in New York City (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/doordash-15-minute-grocery-delivery-nyc-ultra-fast-200711153.html)

DoorDash is piloting an ultra-fast grocery delivery service in New York City. The service will aim to deliver items to customers in less than 15 minutes. It will launch at a new DashMart outlet in Chelsea, which will be open between 7 AM and 2 AM. A team of full-time employees will handle the deliveries. DoorDash will be competing against a few other companies that offer similar services.

## [Facebook Gaming wants viewers to hop into the game with their favorite streamers (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/12/06/facebook-gaming-play-with-streamer/)

Facebook Gaming is introducing a new feature that lets viewers hop into game streams with their favorite gaming personalities. Viewers can now click a button to open games and join streamers in multiplayer mode for a small selection of games. Streamers can control who can use the feature, allowing them to limit its use to their most dedicated supporters. Facebook Gaming will give 100 percent of revenue to creators until 2022. The platform is still small, but its emphasis on mobile-friendly games could attract viewers who are unlikely to find themselves on Twitch.

## [Astrophotographer claims to capture 'clearest & detailed picture of Sun’ (2 minute read)](https://www.republicworld.com/technology-news/science/astrophotographer-claims-to-capture-clearest-and-detailed-picture-of-sun-see-pics.html)

An astrophotographer has released several highly detailed images of the sun stitched together from 1,500,000 individual pictures. It was captured using a modified telescope that uses two telescopic filters, one to protect the photographer's eyes and the other to save the telescope from burning. Similar images have appeared on the internet in the past but have turned out to be fake. The images are available in the article.

## [Grape seed chemical allows mice to live longer by killing aged cells (3 minute read)](https://www.newscientist.com/article/2300346-grape-seed-chemical-allows-mice-to-live-longer-by-killing-aged-cells/)

A chemical isolated from grape seed extract prolongs the lifespans of old mice by 9 percent and also seems to make them fitter. Scientists from China discovered the chemical when finding ways to target senescent cells. These cells increase with age and are linked with various age-related conditions. The treatment kills these cells while leaving younger cells intact. It also helps reduce the size of tumors when used alongside chemotherapy. Chemotherapy is known to accelerate the aging of cells. Future research will test whether the chemical has similar effects in humans.

## [gotestfmt (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/haveyoudebuggedit/gotestfmt)

gotestfmt outputs Go test results in a beautifully formatted fashion. It can be easily installed and set up in a CI system. gotestfmt supports several CI systems, or users can add their own CI. Output examples are available through the link in the about section.

## [Termwind (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/nunomaduro/termwind?ref=producthunt)

Termwind allows developers to build PHP command-line applications using the Tailwind CSS API. All classes use the same logic that is used in Tailwind CSS and all HTML elements have the capability to use the class attribute. A list of supported HTML elements and classes is available.

## [Chinese Rover Discovers 'Mystery Hut' Cube on Far Side of Moon (2 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/g5qvxm/chinese-rover-discovers-mystery-hut-cube-on-far-side-of-moon)

Yutu-2, the Chinese rover that landed on the far side of the Moon in 2019, has spotted a cube-shaped object while traversing the Von Kármán crater. An image of the object was captured from 260 feet away, too far for astronomers to figure what it is. The image is available in the article. Yutu-2 will spend the next two to three months traveling closer to it to get a better view. It is likely a boulder dug up by a meteor impact.

## [The Popular Family Safety App Life360 Is Selling Precise Location Data on Its Tens of Millions of Users (15 minute read)](https://themarkup.org/privacy/2021/12/06/the-popular-family-safety-app-life360-is-selling-precise-location-data-on-its-tens-of-millions-of-user)

Life360, a company that makes an app marketed as a way for parents to track their children's movements using their phones, has been selling its users' location data. Two former employees of location data brokers claim that Life360 is one of the largest sources of data for the location data economy. Life360 uses data as a core part of its business model. It made $16 million in 2020, 20 percent of its revenue that year, from selling location data. The location data industry is a growing, multi-billion dollar industry with few safeguards to prevent the misuse of this sensitive information.

