+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "swift", "gpt-3", "used"]
date = 2020-09-23T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-09-23 - topics: swift, gpt-3, used, windows, imo, cells"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "swift", "gpt-3", "used", "windows", "imo", "cells", "still", "early", "stomach", "3d"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-09-23"
type = "post"

+++

## [Here are Tesla’s biggest announcements from Battery Day (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/9/22/21450840/tesla-battery-day-production-elon-musk-tabless-range-cathode-cobalt-plaid/1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/IknYJboK0SXohh87uedbUFuhKUt0WKxUGH2NTeIn3Z8=159)

Elon Musk made some big announcements at Tesla's Battery Day event. Tesla will manufacture its own 'tabless' batteries designed to improve its vehicles' range and power. The tabless cells will be six times more powerful and increase range by 16 percent compared to current batteries. The Model S Plaid will have a range of 520 miles, get 0-60 mph in under 2 seconds, and have a top speed of 200 mph. It will cost $139,990 and be available in late 2021. Tesla plans to open a new cathode plant in North America that will make cathodes 76 percent cheaper and produce zero wastewater. It will eliminate the use of cobalt in its cathodes. Tesla's end goal is to produce a $25,000 electric car.

## [Microsoft gets exclusive license for OpenAI’s GPT-3 language model (3 minute read)](https://venturebeat.com/2020/09/22/microsoft-gets-exclusive-license-for-openais-gpt-3-language-model//1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/D08cwew1bKQkIKSb3j8vd7oUd0ULAwKrfhqthRIgTrk=159)

Microsoft will exclusively license GPT-3 from OpenAI. GPT-3 can unlock a lot of commercial and creative potential, with the possibilities only limited by the ideas and scenarios that can be imagined. The details of the licensing agreement are still unclear, but OpenAI will continue to offer GPT-3 and its other models via its Azure-hosted API. OpenAI has been experimenting with safeguards against the misuse of GPT-3 at the API level. This includes filters that can pick up antisemitic content while still allowing neutral content regarding Judaism.

## [Spacecraft DAPPER will study 'Dark Ages' of the universe in radio waves (2 minute read)](https://phys.org/news/2020-09-spacecraft-dapper-dark-ages-universe.html/1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/s7D1E6ImGJEwARWJK2Wx0Ob1vaiqnQSqT5twTRXMoZs=159)

The Dark Ages Polarimetry Pathfinder (DAPPER) is a spacecraft designed to look for faint radio signals from the early universe while operating in low lunar orbit. Scientists can learn more about the early dark period of the cosmos and understand how and when the first stars began to form by studying the energy produced by hydrogen clouds in the form of radio waves. Most of these waves are blocked by the Earth's atmosphere, so DAPPER will go to the far side of the Moon, which is radio-quiet. DAPPER will be part of the NASA Artemis program, which aims to land the next humans on the Moon by 2024.

## [3-D Printing inside the Body Could Patch Stomach Ulcers (4 minute read)](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/3-d-printing-inside-the-body-could-patch-stomach-ulcers//1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/cHs4Ybt9TI4m_IqB4EZJ1LyWPl1CeqQgvd82z8b0tuA=159)

Stomach ulcers and other gastric wounds affect one in eight people worldwide. Scientists have developed a new treatment that involves depositing living cells directly into the body. It involves a microrobot that is 30 millimeters wide and 43 millimeters long. The robot can unfold to become 59 millimeters long and can 3D print cells. In their experiments, researchers used the robot to print gels loaded with human stomach lining and stomach muscle cells onto a model of a stomach. The cells remained viable and grew over the course of 10 days. There are still challenges to overcome but the technology could eventually be used to augment standard surgeries.

## [Google Interview Questions Deconstructed: The Knight’s Dialer (15 minute read)](https://alexgolec.dev/google-interview-questions-deconstructed-the-knights-dialer//1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/7O7-I66zydFZoRxIcikSfrx3ggocyjAR2lQiwS6lkAU=159)

The Knight's Dialer was a common question to be asked in Google interviews until it was leaked and banned. It is simple to state and understand, with a number of solutions. Each solution can be implemented in relatively few lines of code, making it perfect for a time-constrained environment. The article discusses the question and how to answer it from an interviewer's perspective. It discusses the different levels and solutions to the problem, how the candidate's answer is assessed, and provides a list of skills that can help developers answer these types of questions.

## [Introducing Swift on Windows (5 minute read)](https://swift.org/blog/swift-on-windows//1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/InYQC-EHmuvvZFMdpKUP4JPUA_o9zWl4hU3s3SrWHHc=159)

New Swift toolchain images for Windows are available. Early adopters are now able to start building experiences using Swift for Windows. An example of a demo calculator app is available that was written using the Swift toolchain for Windows and an installation of Visual Studio 2019. CMake is still used to create applications, but Swift Package Manager support on Windows is coming soon. Some early adopters, such as Readdle, are working on porting Swift libraries to Windows. There are many opportunities for those who wish to help push Swift on Windows forward.

## [This tiny edible sofa was 3D-printed from milk (1 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/this-tiny-edible-sofa-was-3d-printed-from-milk//1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/QqFZcBDRgQc-9ErXOwisfJJCC7DZ-PCGcTqtYebmB7g=159)

Scientists at the Singapore University of Technology and Design have developed a method for 3D printing with powdered milk. The process doesn't require the milk to be heated up, preserving its key nutrients. It also doesn't require the additional stabilizers that are usually used in colder methods of 3D printing. The researchers were able to fill the milk objects with syrup and cream. This method could be used to formulate various nutritious foods, particularly for those who have special dietary needs. Images of the 3D printed milk designs are available in the article.

## [At the Math Olympiad, Computers Prepare to Go for the Gold (5 minute read)](https://www.quantamagazine.org/at-the-international-mathematical-olympiad-artificial-intelligence-prepares-to-go-for-the-gold-20200921//1/01000174ba6f7217-5ca5c6a9-6402-436e-8213-a6558554a791-000000/3tivFdx9pylzp5vamcmNYMp5ff-bQa7HqAZ55JOA5xw=159)

The 61st International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) is the first IMO that has been held remotely and may also be the last time that artificial intelligence doesn't compete. Researchers view the IMO as an ideal proving ground for machines designed to think like humans. The problems don't require any advanced math, but they are extremely difficult. The most decorated IMO participants become legends in the mathematics community and some go on to become superlative research mathematicians. Solving IMO problems usually requires a flash of insight, which may not be possible on AI. Teaching an AI to compete in the IMO will be a challenge, as current software would probably completely fail at the task.

