+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "sidewalk", "technology", "ameca"]
date = 2022-01-10T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2022-01-10 - topics: sidewalk, technology, ameca, would, devices, amazon"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "sidewalk", "technology", "ameca", "would", "devices", "amazon", "robot", "patent", "library", "thread"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2022-01-10"
type = "post"

+++

## [Google launches Ripple, an open standard that could bring tiny radars to Ford cars and more (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/1/7/22872972/google-ripple-radar-standard-api-soli-ford)

Google has launched an open-source API standard called Ripple. Ripple brings Google's Project Soli tiny radar technology to devices outside of Google. Project Soli can monitor sleep quality, control smartwatches, count sheets of paper, and more. Ripple was released by the Consumer Technology Association, but it is clear that Google is behind the project. Ford is planning to use the technology as an interior radar to enhance its driver-assist technologies.

## [Amazon wants to take Sidewalk beyond the neighborhood (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/1/6/22871031/amazon-launches-ring-sidewalk-bridge-pro)

Amazon has launched the Amazon Sidewalk Bridge Pro, a device designed to extend the Sidewalk network into public spaces. Sidewalk is a network that connects devices together so they can share bandwidth and be controlled or tracked. The Sidewalk Bridge Pro has a range of five miles in ideal scenarios. Amazon aims to connect billions of third-party devices to the Sidewalk network. It plans to work with businesses and municipalities to deploy the bridges.

## [Watch Ameca the humanoid robot in its FIRST public demo (9 minute video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzBUm31Vn3k/1/0100017e43ae65c9-a002ee48-f0b7-4e83-94fe-9f182b807eed-000000/TI7yivmobhgcoMtUhLb8ORqnJv4Qw7IqCKo0tykBIuM=230)

Ameca is a humanoid robot designed for entertainment, communication, and interaction with people. It became an overnight internet sensation after it was revealed at CES for the first time. Ameca can produce very human-like expressions and respond to questions. It uses artificial intelligence to see, and it can respond to some objects in its environment. Ameca will likely be used as a service robot in the next couple of decades.

## [Sony is Working on a 3D Scanner that will Allow Users to Put Real-World Items Into Video Games (2 minute read)](https://gamerant.com/sony-3d-scanner/)

Sony has updated a patent for a technology that would allow players to scan real-world items into virtual reality. The patent was originally filed in June last year, but there were issues with the original claim that required Sony to edit and resubmit it. It is still being processed, so fans should expect to wait a bit before the tech will be featured in any games. A diagram from the patent showing how the technology will work is available in the article.

## [Iconoir (Website)](https://iconoir.com/)

Iconoir is an open-source library with over 1,000 SVG icons. The icons can be used without any signup. There is a search function and icons are organized by categories such as actions, connectivity, finance, and navigation.

## [This is David Khourshid and his pure CSS (no js) creations. And they are flat out amazing! (Reddit Thread)](https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/rzmlon/this_is_david_khourshid_and_his_pure_css_no_js/)

This thread links to a library of CSS artworks made by David Khourshid. The library includes a 3D CSS-only version of a Tesla Cybertruck, many animated animals, UI designs, and much more. The code for each of the projects is available. Redditors in the thread commented about how clean and well-written the code is.

## [Scientists step up hunt for ‘Asian unicorn’, one of world’s rarest animals (4 minute read)](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2022/jan/07/scientists-step-up-hunt-for-asian-unicorn-one-of-worlds-rarest-animals-aoe)

The saola is a rare animal that belongs to an entirely new genus of the bovid family, which includes cattle, sheep, goats, and antelopes. They were discovered in 1992 and have never been seen by a biologist in the wild. Their population has massively declined due to commercial wildlife poaching, even though they are not directly targeted by poachers. Scientists are now working to find the last saolas in order to build a captive breeding program.

## [Ask HN: Would you pass an interview for your current position? (Hacker News Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29825080/1/0100017e43ae65c9-a002ee48-f0b7-4e83-94fe-9f182b807eed-000000/9EWUQoBXx64PQcGEhm2NHZ21tov7DYmWwaTI1LIGEiI=230)

The entry requirements for some jobs in regards to programming languages are set too high. The original post asks developers whether they would pass an interview for their current position given the increase in requirements. This thread is full of anecdotes on current software engineering job interview methods and techniques. Some employers use these techniques as they would rather miss out on good candidates than accept bad ones.

