+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "android", "crypto", "13"]
date = 2021-12-27T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-12-27 - topics: android, crypto, 13, users, service, using"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "android", "crypto", "13", "users", "service", "using", "technology", "solar", "power"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-12-27"
type = "post"

+++

## [Exclusive: This is our first look at Android 13 “Tiramisu” and some of its upcoming features (5 minute read)](https://www.xda-developers.com/android-13-tiramisu-exclusive-first-look/)

A source with access to a very early Android 13 build has shared screenshots showing several upcoming features and changes. Users will be able to set languages on a per-app basis and notifications could become an opt-in feature rather than turned on by default. A new setting has been added to settings for users to toggle the layout of the clock on the lock screen. Android 13 will lay the foundations of a feature called TARE (The Android Resource Economy) that focuses on energy-use management.

## [AWS launches re:Post, a new community-driven Q&A service (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/12/02/aws-launches-repost-a-new-community-driven-qa-service/)

re:Post is a new community-driven question and answer service designed to help AWS customers remove technical roadblocks. The service replaces the original AWS Forums. Community members can earn reputation points by providing accepted answers and reviewing answers from other users. Content on re:Post can be accessed without signing in, but a profile will be required for posting and interacting with others.

## [One of the World's Most Powerful Supercomputers Uses Light Instead of Electric Current (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/supercomputer-uses-light-instead-of-electric-current)

France's Jean Zay supercomputer is the first HPC to have a photonic coprocessor, meaning it transmits and processes information using light. The breakthrough was made through a collaboration by LightOn, GENCI, and IDRIS. The technology will be offered to select users of the Jean Zay research community over the next few months. The fastest supercomputer in June last year was Japan's Fugaku supercomputer.

## [Air Force lab demonstrates key element for beaming solar power from space (2 minute read)](https://www.pv-magazine.com/2021/12/24/air-force-lab-demonstrates-key-element-for-beaming-solar-power-from-space/)

The Air Force and Northrop Grumman have announced that they are one step closer to collecting solar power in space and beaming it to Earth using radio frequency (RF). Their technology involves a 'sandwich tile' that converts solar energy to RF. The power can then be beamed to a receiving station on the ground and collected using a rectifying antenna that will convert it into usable power. A test of the technology is predicted to launch in 2025.

## [typejuice (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/galvez/typejuice)

typejuice is a documentation generator for TypeScript Declaration Files. TypeScript Declaration Files are used commonly as a means of enhancing the autocomplete behavior of exposed APIs. typejuice provides godoc-like comment extraction from TypeScript Declaration Files while also inferring on types and signatures.

## [attrs (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs)

attrs is a Python package that makes writing classes easier by removing the need to implement object protocols. It helps developers write concise and correct software without slowing down the code. attrs has been trusted by NASA for Mars missions since 2020.

## [Ex SpaceX Engineers Launch Robotic Pizzeria That Can Make and Bake in 5 Minutes (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/ex-spacex-engineers-robotic-pizzeria)

Stellar Pizza is a new pizza-making robot launched by three ex-SpaceX engineers. The pizzeria can make, bake, and top a pizza in under five minutes. It can fit on the back of a truck and be deployed anywhere. Customers can order from a menu or create their own pizzas. The foodservice industry is currently facing a global shortage of labor that is expected to worsen over the next decade. Automated solutions like Stella Pizza provide a cost-effective way to fill unwanted positions in the food industry.

## [My Path to Financial Independence as a Software Engineer (10 minute read)](https://software.rajivprab.com/2021/12/26/my-path-to-financial-independence-as-a-software-engineer/)

Becoming financially independent as an average engineer with a five-figure salary can be possible through financial discipline and investment planning. This article documents the experience of someone who achieved their goal of financial independence working in tech while living and working in San Francisco and New York. It includes a table with their income, expenses, and savings each year and tips on how to achieve similar results.

## [Would you be interested in a crypto version of TLDR?](https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/U3xE5anP%20%20/1/0100017dfb95a910-56ec97f2-1099-4669-82c1-445652e546ad-000000/AKTZ90w6F5xXqUZMpt7dS09CKaI3plHpclNCq8kzNF4=229)

I'm seeing a ton of interesting crypto stories like the SOS airdrop and this Avalanche development tutorial but I don't want the whole newsletter to be flooded with crypto content, so if you'd be interested in a separate smaller version of TLDR that is only crypto tech and programming news, could you please fill out the above form so I can see if this is something worth creating? Thanks!

