+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "available", "galaxy", "app"]
date = 2022-03-16T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2022-03-16 - topics: available, galaxy, app, a33, use, features"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "available", "galaxy", "app", "a33", "use", "features", "cell", "a53", "article."]
title = "Tech NEWS 2022-03-16"
type = "post"

+++

## [Samsung’s Galaxy A33 leaks in full before its ‘Awesome’ launch (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/3/15/22978815/samsung-galaxy-a33-midrange-a-series-phone-leak-awesome-event-price-specs-features)

Samsung is set to announce three devices at its Awesome Galaxy A Event this week. The Galaxy A33 will be the most affordable out of the devices at €379. It will have a 6.4-inch 90Hz 1080p OLED display, a 5,000mAh battery, and four rear cameras. The Galaxy A53 will have a bigger 6.5-inch display with a 120Hz refresh rate. Both the A33 and A53 will use Samsung’s Exynos 1280 processor. There is not much information available for the Galaxy A73 except that it will have smaller bezels than the A53. Leaked renders of the A33 and A53 are available in the article.

## [Google unveils ‘Immersive Stream for Games,’ its service that lets companies use Stadia’s tech (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/03/15/google-unveils-immersive-stream-for-games-its-service-that-lets-companies-use-stadias-tech/)

Google has unveiled a B2B offering for its Stadia tech called 'Immersive Stream for Games'. The service allows companies to use Stadia's underlying platform technology to deliver games directly to players. Immersive Stream for Games will allow companies to run game trials, offer subscription bundles, or run entire storefronts. Stadia is receiving new game discovery features and game trials. Google will make its toolkit to port Windows games to Stadia more widely available to developers later this year.

## [Repairing cell structures altered by obesity restores metabolic function (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/medical/patching-up-broken-cell-structures-obesity-metabolic-function/)

Scientists from Harvard repaired cell structures altered by obesity in mice and restored healthy metabolic function in cells. The team used a mix of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and high-resolution imaging to see the effects of fatty liver disease on a molecular level. They then patched up the alterations with technologies used to repair molecules and proteins. Cell metabolism returned to normal after the cell structures were repaired. The discovery could be used to offer new ways to manage obesity and prevent its impacts.

## [Machine Learning Reimagines the Building Blocks of Computing (6 minute read)](https://www.quantamagazine.org/machine-learning-reimagines-the-building-blocks-of-computing-20220315/)

Machine learning and traditional algorithms are substantially different ways of computing. Researchers are starting to use machine learning to improve the performance of traditional algorithms. This article provides examples of how algorithms with predictions can improve Bloom filters, an algorithm for checking site addresses against a blacklist, and other traditional algorithms.

## [New WebKit Features in Safari 15.4 (13 minute read)](https://webkit.org/blog/12445/new-webkit-features-in-safari-15-4/)

Safari 15.4 is available now for macOS Monterey 12.3, iPadOS 15.4, and iOS 15.4. It features over 70 additions to WebKit, new web technologies, updates, and fixes. This article covers the changes in detail. A link to the full Safari 15.4 release notes is available.

## [Go 1.18 arrives with much-anticipated generics (3 minute read)](https://www.infoworld.com/article/3645228/go-118-arrives-with-much-anticipated-generics.html)

Go 1.18 is now generally available as a production release. It features support for generic code using parameterized types. Generics provide building blocks to share code and make it easier to build programs. A list of the changes in Go 1.18 is available in the article.

## [‘It’s the right thing to do’: the 300,000 volunteer hackers coming together to fight Russia (8 minute read)](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/mar/15/volunteer-hackers-fight-russia)

Around 300,000 people have signed up to a Telegram group called the IT Army of Ukraine. The group is run by the Ukrainian government. People in the group have been disrupting Russian web services, targeting the websites of the Kremlin and the Duma as well as state-owned media services, several banks, and an energy company. Russia has attempted to mitigate the attacks by filtering access to certain websites, causing further disruption. This article tells the story of some of the group's participants. The original tweet from Ukraine's vice prime minister asking for help is embedded in the article.

## [Elon Musk’s Starlink was Ukraine’s most downloaded app last Sunday (2 minute read)](https://www.teslarati.com/elon-musk-starlink-ukraine-most-downloaded-app/)

Starlink's mobile app was the most downloaded application from the Apple App Store in Ukraine on Sunday. The app has tripled its global downloads over the past two weeks. It has seen 98,000 installs in Ukraine on both the Apple App Store and Google Play. Starlink has become valuable in Ukraine as the number of internet outages grows due to the Russian invasion. SpaceX has released updates to its terminals that allow them to maintain signal when moving and receive power through a vehicle's car cigarette lighter.

