+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "video", "(2", "app"]
date = 2021-05-24T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-05-24 - topics: video, (2, app, citizen, game, users"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "video", "(2", "app", "citizen", "game", "users", "galactic", "vss", "unity", "flight"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-05-24"
type = "post"

+++

## [Netflix Reportedly Hiring Executive For Expansion Into Video Games (2 minute read)](https://www.thegamer.com/netflix-expanding-into-video-games/)

Netflix is looking to do more with interactive entertainment after the success it found with Bandersnatch. The company has approached several veteran game industry executives to help with its expansion into video games. It is considering a bundle game service similar to Apple's online subscription. The Stranger Things game wasn't exceptionally successful, but future games from Netflix might fare better with a gaming executive on board.

## [Leaked Emails Show Crime App Citizen Is Testing On-Demand Security Force (4 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/v7evbx/citizen-app-private-security-leaked-emails)

Citizen is an app where users can report incidents in their neighborhoods to alert other nearby users. The app is planning to add a feature where users can summon private security workers. Citizen has been actively testing the program and users have reported fast response times. Citizen also offers Protect, a service that assigns digital bodyguards to monitor people when they are walking alone. Some experts have criticized Citizen, saying that the app leads people to report incidents that aren't crimes.

## [Virgin Galactic spaceplane VSS Unity completes successful flight (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/22/22448928/virgin-galactic-spaceplane-vss-unity-space-branson)

Virgin Galactic's VSS Unity spacecraft completed its first successful space flight in two years on Saturday, carrying a crew to an altitude of more than 44,000 feet. The spacecraft took off from Virgin's VMS Eve carrier aircraft. It contained research payloads for NASA's Flight Opportunities program. Virgin Galactic has around 600 reservations for tickets on future space flights. The VSS Unity can carry up to six passengers. Virgin Galactic has another three spaceflights planned for this year, but dates have yet to be announced.

## [Researchers Fix Cholesterol in Monkeys Through CRISPR Gene Editing (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/researchers-fix-cholesterol-in-monkeys-through-crispr)

Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol is the bad kind of cholesterol that results in a greater risk of cardiovascular disease. Scientists have successfully used CRISPR base editors to turn off the gene that produces LDL in monkeys. It will still be a while before the treatment can be tested in humans. If successful, this could result in a single treatment approach for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.

## [Hacker's guide to deep-learning side-channel attacks: the theory (25 minute read)](https://elie.net/blog/security/hacker-guide-to-deep-learning-side-channel-attacks-the-theory/)

Side-channel attacks are one of the most effective ways to attack secure hardware as they target algorithm implementation rather than the algorithm itself. Implementing algorithms in a way that leaks no information is difficult and requires complex software and hardware countermeasures. This article, the first in a two-part series, goes through the core concepts and setup required to carry out a machine learning-based side-channel attack to recover the AES key used by a TinyAES implementation running on an ARM CPU.

## [Learn CSS (Website)](https://web.dev/learn/css/)

This course breaks down the fundamentals of CSS. Its modules are designed to create well-rounded developers that are ready to take on any user interface. Each module contains interactive demos and self-assessments. The course was created for developers of all skill levels.

## [Newly leaked video shows a UFO disappear into the water (2 minute video)](https://www.cnn.com/videos/business/2021/05/19/ufo-navy-video-jeremy-corbell-orig-jm.cnn/video/playlists/atv-trending-videos/)

The Pentagon has confirmed and released footage of a UFO disappearing into the sea. It is still investigating the incident. The findings from the investigation will be presented to Congress in June. Footage of other UFOs is included in the video.

## [Musk says “very intense” Tesla Roadster will go from zero to 100 in just 1.1 seconds (3 minute read)](https://thedriven.io/2021/05/21/musk-says-very-intense-tesla-roadster-will-go-from-zero-to-100-in-just-1-1-seconds/)

The 2022 Tesla Roadster will have a SpaceX option that consists of 10 rocket thrusters. It will be able to accelerate from 0-60mph in 1.1 seconds. According to Elon Musk, the car will be able to fly very briefly. The acceleration will be safe, but those with heart conditions are warned that the experience will be similar to riding a hardcore roller coaster. A short computer-generated video of what the acceleration might look like is available in the article.

