+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "service", "web", "adobe"]
date = 2021-10-27T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-10-27 - topics: service, web, adobe, app, verizon, amazon"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "service", "web", "adobe", "app", "verizon", "amazon", "project", "buildings", "panels"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-10-27"
type = "post"

+++

## [Uber jumps into Europe's rapid grocery delivery market with 15-minute service in Paris (3 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/10/25/uber-launches-rapid-grocery-delivery-service-in-paris.html)

Uber and Carrefour have created a service in Paris that ships essential items to customers in as little as 15 minutes. Customers will be able to order from a catalog of almost 2,000 daily essentials through the UberEats app. The service will use small warehouses to fulfill orders rather than sending couriers to Carrefour stores. Europe has seen a flood of grocery startups since the pandemic. Uber has a similar deal with GoPuff in the US.

## [Adobe brings Photoshop and Illustrator to the web (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/photoshop-and-illustrator-come-to-the-web-for-comments-basic-edits-and-more-130045329.html)

Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator work can now be shared via the web for the purpose of commenting and feedback. Collaborators who do not need or want Adobe products can now view and comment on work from a browser. Adobe plans to add basic editing tools for making minor tweaks. Screenshots of the web app are available in the article.

## [Amazon’s broadband satellite venture Kuiper teams up with Verizon to expand 5G coverage (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/10/26/22745637/amazon-kuiper-satellite-constellation-verizon-partnership-5g-cellular-backhaul)

Amazon is teaming up with Verizon to expand 4G/LTE and 5G coverage to remote areas of the globe. It is unknown how much Verizon is paying for the service. Amazon's Kuiper satellites will provide connectivity to cell towers with throughput speeds of up to 400 Mbps. They will enable rural and remote locations to be connected without having to lay cables. Amazon has yet to launch any satellites, but it must launch at least 1,618 by 2026 according to its license with the FCC.

## [ICON and Lennar reveal the world’s largest 3D-printed community, designed by BIG (3 minute read)](https://www.archpaper.com/2021/10/icon-and-lennar-reveal-worlds-largest-3d-printed-community-designed-by-big/)

ICON and Lennar have partnered to 3D print a 100-home neighborhood in Austin. All 100 residences will be printed with ICON's Vulcan printer, which can print concrete structures of up to 3,000 square feet. The aim of the project is to create affordable and sustainable homes that will still entice buyers. No estimated completion date has been set yet. The buildings will have similar or greater longevity than those built with standard concrete masonry units.

## [CookLang (Website)](https://cooklang.org/)

CookLang is a recipe markup language that simplifies recipe management, streamlines shopping routines, and makes cooking more fun. It creates human-readable text files with simple, focused, and efficient tools. CookLang can be used to automate cooking and shopping routines with existing UNIX command-line and scripting tools. An iOS app is available.

## [This bug doesn’t exist on x86: Exploiting an ARM-only race condition (30 minute read)](https://github.com/stong/how-to-exploit-a-double-free)

This article explains how to exploit a double free vulnerability and get a shell on ARM architecture. It walks through how to discover vulnerabilities and explains how this particular vulnerability works in the architecture. The full exploit code is provided.

## [Dragon scale solar tiles installed on Google buildings in Silicon Valley (3 minute read)](https://pv-magazine-usa.com/2021/10/26/watch-dragon-scale-solar-tiles-installed-on-google-buildings-in-silicon-valley/)

Around 90,000 Dragonscale solar panels have been installed on two buildings at Google's Silicon Valley campus. The panels will generate enough electricity to cover around 40% of electricity use in the buildings. The overlapping design of the tiles allows them to reach an effective efficiency rating close to 17%. They have a warranty that covers their ability to generate electricity as well as their integrity as a building material for up to 30 years. A video showing the Dragonscale panels is available in the article.

## [Amazon wants its live audio app to reinvent the radio show (2 minute read)](https://www.inputmag.com/tech/amazons-planned-live-audio-app-wants-to-reinvent-radio-shows)

Amazon's Project Mic is a Clubhouse clone that will let anyone record and distribute live radio shows with music. Its ultimate goal is to democratize and reinvent the radio. Clubhouse's success has resulted in many other companies trying to duplicate its features. Project Mic aims to separate itself from the rest by including native support for music through Amazon Music. Rather than competing with other social audio apps, it will be competing with traditional live radio.

