+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "subscription", "creators", "custom"]
date = 2021-11-04T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-04 - topics: subscription, creators, custom, using, desert, fees"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "subscription", "creators", "custom", "using", "desert", "fees", "web", "system.", "features", "dohmke"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-04"
type = "post"

+++

## [Facebook skirts Apple’s App Store fees with custom subscription links for creators (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/11/3/22761620/facebook-apple-app-store-fees-subscription-links-creators?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4)

Facebook creators will soon be able to share custom web links to direct their fans to pay for subscriptions using Facebook's native payments system. The subscription feature is available in 27 countries to creators who meet certain eligibility requirements. Creators will receive all of the subscription money minus taxes if users sign up through the custom web link, as opposed to using Apple's in-app subscription. Apple takes a 30% cut of all in-app transactions processed through its system. Facebook is not charging creators for subscription transactions until at least 2023, and it will start paying creators a bonus of up to $20 for every new subscriber who signs up using their custom web link.

## [Coinbase is testing a subscription service that waives trading fees (1 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/personal-finance/crypto/coinbase-is-testing-a-subscription-service-that-waives-trading-fees/)

Coinbase is testing a subscription service where users will be able to trade digital currencies on the platform without a fee for each trade. Spread fees will still apply. The product is still in the early stages of testing. It will include features like additional account protection and prioritized phone support.

## ['Genetic Goldmine' in Earth's Harshest Desert Could Be The Key to Feeding The Future (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/genetic-goldmine-in-earth-s-harshest-desert-could-be-the-key-to-feeding-the-future)

An international team of researchers studied plant life in the Atacama desert for 10 years to identify genes that help give the plants an advantage in the desert. The Atacama desert is known for being the planet's driest non-polar desert. Identifying the mechanisms behind the plants' successes could reveal how to make food grow in a world affected by climate change. Some of the plants in the desert are closely related to staple crops, so scientists now have a better idea of how to engineer more resilient crops.

## [Crypto Investors Buy 40 Acres of Land in Wyoming to Build Blockchain City (5 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/93b5ve/crypto-investors-buy-40-acres-of-land-in-wyoming-to-build-blockchain-city)

Wyoming's DAO law allows Decentralized Autonomous Organizations to be legally recognized. It recognizes two different types of DAOs: those run by members, and those managed by algorithms. CityDAO has purchased a piece of land in the northwestern corner of Wyoming. The project aims to build a city on the Ethereum blockchain. People can become citizens through the purchase of an NFT.

## [ethereum-boilerplate (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/ethereum-boilerplate/ethereum-boilerplate)

ethereum-boilerplate is a full-stack Ethereum dApp boilerplate that works with any EVM system. It is built on react-moralis and Moralis. The boilerplate features React components and hooks that can be run without a backend provider.

## [PatrickStar (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/Tencent/PatrickStar)

Training Pre-Trained NLP Models requires enormous hardware resources, but PatrickStar makes it available to everyone. PTMs are models that are trained with massive data and have learned generic features of the language. PatrickStar makes full use of both CPU and GPU memory to train larger PTMs with fewer GPUs.

## [The Booming Underground Market for Bots That Steal Your 2FA Codes (8 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/y3vz5k/booming-underground-market-bots-2fa-otp-paypal-amazon-bank-apple-venmo)

Hackers who obtain username and password data may sometimes need to also bypass two-factor authentication. There are a growing number of services that help hackers bypass this barrier by using automated bots. When a hacker is ready to enter an account, they can activate a bot that calls the victim and convinces them to reply with a legitimate two-factor code that the hacker sends at the same time. The bots can cost a few hundred a month to hire, with vendors boasting thousands of subscribers.

## [GitHub gets a new CEO (6 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/03/github-gets-a-new-ceo/)

Thomas Dohmke is stepping into the CEO role at GitHub. Nat Friedman will become the Chairman Emeritus of the service. Dohmke has a background as a developer and open source advocate. One of his first projects at GitHub was to make private repos free for all developers. GitHub stayed platform-neutral during Friedman's tenure and will continue to do so under Dohmke's leadership. Dohmke isn't planning any major changes right away and will continue to lead GitHub on its current trajectory.

