+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "water", "generation", "gaming"]
date = 2020-10-27T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-10-27 - topics: water, generation, gaming, without, (2, used"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "water", "generation", "gaming", "without", "(2", "used", "carry", "two", "bird", "went"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-10-27"
type = "post"

+++

## [Facebook unveils free-to-play cloud gaming service (7 minute read)](https://venturebeat.com/2020/10/26/facebook-unveils-free-to-play-cloud-gaming-service//1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/BwHBiL4IC_5A_PZiNwG24euw4FySusHAGxui3mEfTEQ=164)

Facebook Gaming has been launched in beta for a limited group of people. The service will launch with five games, including Gameloft’s Asphalt 9: Legends. Out of Facebook's 2.7 billion monthly active users, more than 700 million users play games, with around 350 million playing Facebook's Instant Games. Facebook Gaming claims that it isn't aiming to compete with other services, but that it only wants to connect developers to consumers in an efficient way without having to leave Facebook. The platform is currently unavailable on iOS.

## [Samsung, Stanford make a 10,000PPI display that could lead to 'flawless' VR (1 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/samsung-stanford-10000-ppi-oled-display-200949600.html/1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/TKVApJQsGhV-SpjpEJxbp3JWO6VMbO_8-qHrcpMLsYk=164)

Samsung and Stanford have developed OLED technology that supports resolutions up to 10,000 pixels per inch. The screens use films to emit white light between reflective layers, which allows specific colors to resonate through the pixels. This results in high pixel density without affecting its brightness. The newOLED screens would be ideal for VR and AR, creating an image without the 'screen door' effect commonly seen in current displays.

## [Water On The Moon: NASA Confirms Water Molecules On Our Neighbor's Sunny Surface (2 minute read)](https://www.npr.org/2020/10/26/927869069/water-on-the-moon-nasa-confirms-water-molecules-on-our-neighbors-sunny-surface/1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/6o4tXlkkUdF6equLBDXXenvt5ZmWwV-dUCYB1z43heM=164)

NASA has confirmed the presence of water on the moon's sunlit surface. This breakthrough suggests that there is likely water distributed across more parts of the lunar surface than previously thought. It is still unknown whether there is enough water to be used as a resource. NASA's Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy, a modified Boeing 747, made the discovery using a special infrared camera. The next step in the research is to determine how the water formed and why it persists despite the moon's thin atmosphere.

## [MIT tests autonomous 'Roboat' that can carry two passengers (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/mit-autonomous-roboat-ii-carries-passengers-140145138.html/1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/eBr2prtSOzeqQ_iRhjKro8-BlZ4Pnjx6oWvedu7MCdc=164)

MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory have unveiled the Roboat II, its second generation of autonomous 'roboats' that can assemble themselves into a series of floating structures. The Roboat II can carry up to two passengers. It features four propellers to move in any direction, LiDAR, GPS, and inertial sensors for navigation. While the boat is only two meters long, it is modular, so multiple boats will be able to self-assemble into a larger vessel. The team at MIT is now working on a version that can carry four to six passengers and deal with more serious challenges, such as disturbances from currents and waves.

## [Clean Architecture (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/preslavmihaylov/booknotes/tree/master/architecture/clean-architecture/1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/XI_00sJ6ZJIMCLtEk_Bg2xEm_l6blsDtB9hEuO4iYY0=164)

This repository contains notes on clean architecture. The notes cover programming paradigms, design principles, component principles, architecture fundamentals, and more.

## [undelete_jpg (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/saintmarina/undelete_jpg/1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/Pn1bdAWi4aaetVX3ggBXh3_NXByqz77lVYW_yO17llM=164)

undelete_jpg is a program that recovers deleted JPG files. When files are deleted, only the directory entry to the file is removed but the content usually remains on the device. If new data has been written to the deallocated device space, the recovered files may be corrupted.

## [This Bird Went Extinct and Then Evolved Into Existence Again (2 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/vb9bpm/this-bird-went-extinct-and-then-evolved-into-existence-again/1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/cKL-doeb8x_oyPU134SKJ0qi4Gvz6Fo1JTUvDXaIOdk=164)

The Aldabra white-throated rail is a flightless bird that lives on the Aldabra atoll in the Indian Ocean. It went extinct 136,000 years ago. A recent study has found that the bird has re-evolved itself into existence. Iterative evolution is when the same ancestral lineage produces parallel offshoot species at different points in time. The birds went extinct due to rising sea levels, but the same parent species recolonized the area once it reemerged from the sea. This is the clearest example of iterative evolution in birds.

## [The No-Code Generation is arriving (5 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2020/10/26/the-no-code-generation-is-arriving//1/01000175698a630f-21b5f4ca-0d0b-431a-a704-63e383d38288-000000/HdL6UmwYbGuM0IJAJLINTWNxFmP1QTqqh2_7Zdc5xg8=164)

Over the past few years, no-code platforms have become more common, making it easier for users to harness the power of computing in their daily work. Projects that used to take a team of engineers hours to create can now be created in a few clicks through a user interface. These tools still require coding logic and other skills, but a generation of kids have now grown up with toys and games like Roblox and Minecraft, making these skills more prevalent. They also know how to use search engines to find answers to problems they are having. The generation that grew up with these technologies will likely further hone their skills in using them, raising the bar for how technology is used in the workplace.

