+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "pancreatic", "cancer", "advanced"]
date = 2021-11-24T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-24 - topics: pancreatic, cancer, advanced, plant, test, bees"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "pancreatic", "cancer", "advanced", "plant", "test", "bees", "chip", "building", "chips"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-24"
type = "post"

+++

## [Samsung set to announce new $17 billion advanced chip plant in Texas (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/11/23/22245325/samsung-building-chipmaking-fab-texas-taylor)

Samsung is building a new advanced chip-making plant in Taylor, Texas on a site roughly 1,200 acres in size. The project is estimated to cost around $17 billion and could create 1,800 jobs. It is expected to start producing chips at the end of 2024. The plant will likely be used to manufacture advanced chips for other companies. Reports have indicated that the plant could produce chips as advanced as 3nm. Many chip producers are building new plants in response to the global chip shortage, but production won't start for most of them for several years.

## [Walmart will be the first retailer to test Twitter’s new livestream shopping platform (5 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/22/walmart-will-be-the-first-retailer-to-test-twitters-new-livestream-shopping-platform/)

Twitter now supports livestream shopping. Walmart will be the first retailer to test the new platform with a Cyber Deals event on November 28. Users will be able to watch a live broadcast, shop the featured products, and join the conversation around the event by posting tweets. Walmart has planned over 30 shoppable livestream events across eight platforms for the 2021 holiday season. Twitter does not take a cut of revenues delivered through Live Shopping, and brands do not have to pay to be included.

## [SpaceX is launching a NASA spacecraft that will crash into an asteroid (3 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/11/23/spacex-launching-nasa-dart-spacecraft-to-crash-into-an-asteroid.html)

NASA launched its Double Asteroid Redirection Test on a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket early this morning. The mission aims to hit the smaller of a pair of two asteroids at a speed of about 15,000 miles per hour with the 610-kilogram spacecraft to see how the impact changes the asteroid's trajectory. It will take 10 months to reach the asteroid, which is not a current threat to the planet. A small cube satellite will be deployed before impact to take photos of the event.

## [Genetically Modified Tiny Worms Can Detect Pancreatic Cancer at an Early Stage (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/genetically-modified-tiny-worms-can-detect-pancreatic-cancer-at-an-early-stage)

Japanese biotech startup Hirotsu Bio Science Inc. has developed a cancer screening test using roundworms that can detect early signs of pancreatic cancer from urine. The roundworms have a gene in their olfactory receptors that make them react to the urine of pancreatic cancer patients. When the gene is turned off, the roundworms are still attracted to the urine of people with other cancers, but not pancreatic cancer. During tests, the method was 100% accurate in detecting pancreatic cancer and 91.3% accurate for other types of cancer.

## [Jovo (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/jovotech/jovo-framework)

Jovo is a cross-platform framework for building conversational and multimodal experiences on the web, Alexa, Google Assistant, Messenger, Instagram, Google Business Messages, mobile apps, and more. It is component-based and extensions are available through a marketplace. Jovo works with many NLU and CMS services.

## [Tamagui (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/tamagui/tamagui)

Tamagui is a universal React design system optimized for native and web. It has a fully-featured styling library with support for cross-browser server-side rendering and a fully-typed, completely extensible API. Examples are available on the main website.

## [Carnivorous “vulture bees” have acidic microbiomes to better digest their carrion (7 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2021/11/carnivorous-vulture-bees-have-acidic-microbiomes-to-better-digest-their-carrion/)

A group of stingless bees are known to eat meat from carcasses in tropical rainforests. These vulture bees consume flesh on-site, storing a kind of meat slurry in their crops to bring back to the hive. The slurry is converted into another substance at the hive and stored in wax pots. Scientists studying the gut biome of the bees found that it contained bacteria similar to those found in vultures, hyenas, and other carrion feeders. These bacteria likely help protect the bees from pathogens in the carrion.

## [Apple sues company known for hacking iPhones on behalf of governments (3 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/11/23/apple-sues-nso-group-company-known-for-hacking-iphones-on-behalf-of-governments.html)

Apple is suing NSO Group, seeking a permanent injunction to ban the firm from using Apple software, services, or devices. NSO Group is an Israeli firm that sells software that allows the user to hack iPhones and read the data on them. It sells its software to government agencies and law enforcement, allowing them to surveil anyone through a zero-click attack that is delivered through a text message. Meta is also separately suing NSO Group, alleging that it helped hack users through WhatsApp.

