+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "digital", "tvs", "could"]
date = 2021-09-07T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-09-07 - topics: digital, tvs, could, video, device, amazon"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "digital", "tvs", "could", "video", "device", "amazon", "likely", "using", "metal", "electrons"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-09-07"
type = "post"

+++

## [Amazon is reportedly planning to release an Amazon-branded TV as soon as October (1 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/2/22655016/amazon-branded-tv-television-tcl)

Amazon is planning to release Amazon-branded TVs as soon as October in the US. The TVs will be designed and manufactured by third parties, but Amazon plans to eventually design its own. There will be a range of screen sizes available, and the TVs will have Alexa installed. Amazon already sells devices for TVs, but the move to selling actual TVs could indicate that the company is ready to take on TV manufacturers more directly.

## [Facebook Teases Ray-Ban Smartglasses Recording In New Video (2 minute read)](https://uploadvr.com/facebook-ray-ban-smartglasses-tease/)

Andrew Bosworth, VP of AR and VR at Facebook, recently tweeted a video that appears to be filmed hands-free from his perspective. The tweet included a sunglasses emoji, possibly hinting at Facebook's upcoming Ray-Ban smartglasses. It is likely the video was recorded using the smartglasses. The glasses will be Facebook's next major hardware launch. They will likely be revealed at the Facebook Connect developer conference in October. The video posted by Bosworth is available in the article.

## [Scientists Have Created a Novel Metal That Allows Fluid-Like Electron Motion (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/scientists-created-novel-metal-allows-fluid-like-electron-motion)

A team of researchers from several universities in the US have forged a new metallic object in which electrons can flow freely. The scientists observed that a strong interaction between phonons and electrons within a metal superconductor modified the transport of electrons from particle-like motion to a fluid-like motion. This novel liquid can flow inside the metal in the same way that water flows down a pipe. The research might result in materials that could lead to a new generation of electronic devices.

## [A Bioartificial Pancreas Could Substantially Enhance Type-1 Diabetes Treatment (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/a-bioartificial-pancreas-could-substantially-enhance-type-1-diabetes-treatment)

The convection enhanced microencapsulation device (ceMED) is an implanted device that houses insulin-secreting cells in a protective compartment, protecting them from the body's immune system response. It continually showers the cells in nutrients that improve cell loading capacity, cell survival, glucose sensitivity, and timely insulin secretion. The ceMED can affect blood sugar levels only two days after being implanted. There is still more work before the device is ready for mass production, but the device has the potential to become an autonomous system for managing Type-1 diabetes.

## [MalwareSourceCode (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/vxunderground/MalwareSourceCode)

This repository contains a collection of malware source code for a variety of platforms in an array of different programming languages. Malware samples are available for download.

## [age (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/FiloSottile/age)

age is an encryption tool and Go library with small explicit keys, no config options, and UNIX-style composability. An alternative Rust implementation is available. age can encrypt files to multiple recipients using keys or passphrases. It can also encrypt/decrypt using SSH keys.

## [The Surprisingly Big Business of Library E-books (11 minute read)](https://www.newyorker.com/news/annals-of-communications/an-app-called-libby-and-the-surprisingly-big-business-of-library-e-books)

The demand for ebooks has risen significantly since the pandemic, especially with libraries allowing patrons to access ebooks to minimize the spread of Covid-19. The shift to ebooks had enormous practical and financial implications for both digital content providers and libraries all over the country. Digital content distributors charge high prices for ebook rights, which could become untenable for libraries in the long run. Readers are likely to want even more digital content in the future. This article discusses the ebook industry, how digital books are lent out by libraries, and the business behind licensing and digital rights.

## [How Gaming Will Change Humanity as We Know It (3 minute read)](https://www.bloombergquint.com/gadfly/how-gaming-will-change-humanity-as-we-know-it)

Gaming is profoundly transforming culture and regulation. Games are typically closed systems that require time and attention to master, immersing players into new worlds with their own cultural objects. Interest in gaming has increased over the years and the industry brings in more revenue than global movies and North American sports combined. Games have created many new markets which are difficult for governments to regulate. Technology is moving faster than regulators can keep up with.

