+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "paint", "job", "donations"]
date = 2020-10-26T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-10-26 - topics: paint, job, donations, used, build, made"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "paint", "job", "donations", "used", "build", "made", "restaurant", "nest", "found", "hornets"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-10-26"
type = "post"

+++

## [How Riot used tech from The Mandalorian to build Worlds’ astonishing mixed reality stage (4 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/10/24/21529317/league-of-legends-world-championship-high-tech-stage-riot-mandalorian/1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/OZeZo8EBI0Tb8lwUVeIVG1E0yrsARR4uMmyT5w1mryk=164)

As the pandemic goes on, events such as the annual League of Legends World Championship have to find creative ways to bring the show to the audience. This year, Worlds features a set made up of LED screens that displays visuals at 32K resolution at 60 frames per second. They can transform the stage into a fantasy world. There are several videos in the article that show off the technology and explain how everything was made.

## [DoorDash partners with California restaurant to build new brick-and-mortar location (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/10/24/21531685/doordash-partners-california-restaurant-burma-location/1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/6bPStkLEC7H2KubJplytxVr_rOnjK4LiLZY2VvNgVog=164)

DoorDash has partnered with a restaurant to build a brick-and-mortar store called Burma Bites. The restaurant will do delivery and takeout with menu items priced between $12 and $19. DoorDash has seen a sales increase during the pandemic and is reportedly planning a traditional IPO before the end of the year. Burma Bites is set to open on October 28th in Oakland, California.

## [New 'Super-White' Paint Can Cool Down Buildings and Cars (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/new-super-white-paint-can-cool-down-buildings-and-cars/1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/WVU5ejZP2W_wx5L_m38ZoyH6YFaUsd6ZT96PXsdk-Io=164)

Engineers at Purdue University have developed a white paint that can keep surfaces up to 18 degrees Fahrenheit cooler than their ambient surroundings. The paint reflects 95.5% of sunlight and efficiently radiates infrared heat. It reflects heat back into the universe, which is an infinite heat sink. The paint could one day be used to combat global warming. There is a one-minute video in the article that shows the paint being used in an experiment.

## [1st 'Murder Hornet' Nest In U.S. Is Found In Washington State (1 minute read)](https://www.npr.org/2020/10/23/927235267/first-murder-hornet-nest-in-u-s-is-found-in-washington-state/1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/AtnKdjwF2UejqZaHwLjQIXy6nlD3MerFmlDNy2iSDJI=164)

Entomologists with the Washington State Department of Agriculture have located the first nest of Asian giant hornets in the US. Near the Canadian border, the nest was found by trapping and tagging live hornets, which led the entomologists back to the nest. The agency will destroy the nest, removing the tree it is on if necessary. Asian giant hornets prey on honeybees and other insects and a couple of hornets can destroy an entire honeybee hive in a few hours. In Japan, they kill up to 50 people a year.

## [CSS Spider (Website)](https://cssspider.fresalabs.com/home/1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/evAKotmAd5vLdqLl-GY_vCacHa2R9Iemzn1bqQwRYzA=164)

CSS Spider is a Chrome plugin that allows developers to view and edit CSS by hovering over elements. Code can be copied and exported to codepen with a click. There is a 35-second video showing how to use the plugin on the site.

## [I left a FAANG pre-FI for a more fulfilling job and took more than a 50% pay cut. It was not everything I expected it to be (8 minute read)](https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/comments/jhe6va/i_left_a_faang_prefi_for_a_more_fulfilling_job//1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/t3IuIlwy2iPxZetf9S-SflyoEdzdo54o9VBEzOtGaGE=164)

wholeWheatButterfly had a comfortable job in a FAANG company but felt unfulfilled with the work, so they decided to leave for something more meaningful. Their Financial Independence-based mindset strongly influenced their decision-making during this process. After leaving the FAANG job for a role at a not-for-profit research center at a significant pay cut, they found that the work wasn't as fulfilling as they thought it would be. At the end of the day, a fulfilling job was still a job.

## [origamisimulator (Website)](https://origamisimulator.org//1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/IVwGQXKOHoZHRbkrR6FM9Akb2EMs3Sbnzuo_C6-ojeI=164)

origamisimulator can simulate how any origami crease pattern will fold. Rather than folding paper in steps, it attempts to fold every crease simultaneously. Users can import example models, create their own models, and export models in STL or OBJ.

## [Mysterious 'Robin Hood' hackers donating stolen money (5 minute read)](https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-54591761/1/010001756463618b-a9917b13-830d-46df-a7e9-5135e4303f20-000000/58ZW4F8DVEtjEUFUfh8L2HUTAtTxF2BdCY2QOPYJQUo=164)

A group of hackers has donated stolen money to charities, claiming that they want to make the world a better place. Children International has stated it will not keep the money and The Water Project has yet to release a statement about the donations. The donations were made through The Giving Block, a service that helps non-profits receive donations in cryptocurrencies. The Giving Block is working to trace the funds and determine if they came from stolen sources. It claims that the funds will be easier to trace as the donations were made using cryptocurrency. No identity information is required when donating to The Giving Block. The donations raise moral and legal issues.

