+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "boats", "apple's", "around"]
date = 2020-08-14T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-08-14 - topics: boats, apple's, around"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "boats", "apple's", "around", "app", "store", "epic"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-08-14"
type = "post"

+++

## [Apple just kicked Fortnite off the App Store (7 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/8/13/21366438/apple-fortnite-ios-app-store-violations-epic-payments?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4/1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/w-vkypZlP1rXM8BGGtd8A1vUZgiu4RPXNX68qLmcLqs=154)

Fortnite has been removed from Apple's App Store after Epic Games implemented its own in-app payment system that bypassed Apple's standard 30 percent fee. Epic has responded by launching an antitrust lawsuit seeking to establish Apple's App Store as a monopoly and by posting a protest video. The video mocks Apple's iconic 1984 ad and is available in the article. Apple plans to work with Epic to resolve the issue but has no intentions of creating a special arrangement with the company. Google removed Fortnite from the Play Store for the same reason. Users who already downloaded the app can continue to use it and can access Epic's in-app payment system. Epic will need to have the game reinstated in the App Store before pushing substantial updates.

## [Apple’s Prime equivalent “Apple One” will launch in October (2 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2020/08/apples-prime-equivalent-apple-one-will-launch-in-october//1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/uOOyO-k3I8ewYgxib-nL3Am__oDv4xpJnddMpJNbBD4=154)

Apple One is Apple's all-in-one subscription bundle that will launch in October alongside the company's new 2020 lineup of iPhones. It will be part of iOS 14, though it isn't available in the iOS 14 beta. There will be multiple tiers, with Apple's new workout video subscription service landing in the highest-end tier. The bundles will be geared towards families and will integrate with existing Family Sharing features.

## [Hyperion's hydrogen-electric XP-1 supercar is capable of 220 MPH (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/hyperion-xp-1-hydrogen-ev-065517664.html/1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/NqW9iBvR79uLbn5ByNfAWU5Qga-dJXzzCAA5kQUX29Y=154)

Hyperion has revealed its XP-1 hydrogen-electric supercar at the New York Auto Show. 300 vehicles will be released starting in early 2022. The vehicle uses a Proton Exchange Membrane Fuel Cell Power Module instead of a lithium-ion battery. It features air blades on its sides that work as both aerodynamic structures and as solar panels. Hyperion promises over 1,000 miles per recharge, with the refueling process taking less than five minutes.

## [Starting with Michigan, Sidewalk Infrastructure is looking to build roads specifically for autonomous cars (6 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2020/08/13/starting-with-michigan-sidewalk-infrastructure-is-looking-to-build-roads-specifically-for-autonomous-cars//1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/I42cGOS9w8gtcMNMVm9Ajgm_2U_1oh2GwXj5TCzAY00=154)

Sidewalk Infrastructure Partners has launched a subsidiary called Cavnue to develop roadways for connected and autonomous vehicles. Cavnue will be working with major car manufacturers and technology startups on standards to develop the physical and digital infrastructure required to move autonomous vehicles out of pilot projects and into the real world. A 40-mile corridor between downtown Detroit and Ann Arbor, Michigan will be developed by Cavnue for autonomous vehicles. The corridor will include 12 Opportunity Zones where communities and small businesses will be able to connect to hubs in the region.

## [aiosql (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/nackjicholson/aiosql/1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/7Tf7UAvWKk3TY_nj-C6BYXSP3ORly4NjMPfWXeO80Mg=154)

aiosql allows developers to organize SQL statements in .sql files and load them into a Python application as methods to call. The project supports standard and asyncio based drivers for SQLite and PostgreSQL, with support for custom database drivers available.

## [JSONAPI.CO (Website)](https://www.jsonapi.co//1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/lWvCJiBXEGvctI9g9DK8WdwsZLDR9XiNa2culIJacY4=154)

JSONAPI.CO is a service that provides a range of free hosted APIs. Categories include Users, Products (Amazon), and Images (Instagram). All HTTP methods are supported and the service provides proper HTTP status codes with every API.

## ['Extinct' large blue butterfly successfully reintroduced to UK (3 minute read)](https://www.cnn.com/2020/08/13/uk/large-blue-butterfly-intl-scli-gbr-scn/index.html/1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/eSq0j0s91vXshoRvnuoIODl2Ou1FV4eSoh7jF2TnDCs=154)

Conservationists have successfully reintroduced previously extinct large blue butterflies to Rodborough, an area in southwest England. Around 1,100 larvae were introduced to the area last year and around 750 large blue butterflies were observed. The butterflies were declared extinct in Britain in 1979 and hadn't been seen in Rodborough for 150 years. It took five years to prepare for the reintroduction of the butterflies, with experts in the area restricting cattle grazing and encouraging the growth of certain plants to create an optimum environment. Butterflies are sensitive to environmental changes and the effort to reintroduce them will result in habitat improvements for other plants and animals.

## [Zin Boats reinvents the electric speedboat in a bid to become the Tesla of the sea (10 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2020/08/11/zin-boats-reinvents-the-electric-speedboat-in-a-bid-to-become-the-tesla-of-the-sea//1/01000173ec7271a7-5cb50dd9-f4e5-4e29-8435-6476ffe1b8f4-000000/_ptAHrTAy9VVX58JvTDKwc1F2AYxFrVBjyhgXE2QZGk=154)

Seattle Startup Zin Boats creates electric boats that can go a hundred miles or more and recharge using an ordinary wall plug. The boats require virtually no maintenance and can reach speeds of over 30 knots, with tests going up to 55 knots. Zin's boats were designed around the battery from scratch using high-performance fluid dynamics software and scale models to work out the shape of the hull. The 20-foot boats weigh around 1,750 pounds and are almost completely made out of carbon fiber. They cost around $250,000, with a more practical open-bow tender model currently being designed that will cost around $175,000. Images of the boats are available in the article.

