+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "apple", "store", "neuron"]
date = 2020-08-25T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-08-25 - topics: apple, store, neuron, robots, humans, vr"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "apple", "store", "neuron", "robots", "humans", "vr", "startup", "(1", "spaces", "week"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-08-25"
type = "post"

+++

## [Apple reportedly acquires VR startup ‘Spaces’ (1 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2020/08/24/apple-reportedly-acquires-vr-startup-spaces//1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/_MWlaEFFRN7j-lii3miu1qWM6T6RwutqgBvPygpw-tQ=155)

Spaces is a startup with a team that specializes in virtual reality technologies. It was created in 2016 by DreamWorks Animation veterans. Spaces discontinued all of its services last week after Apple acquired it for an unknown sum. Apple is rumored to be working on AR and VR headsets for 2021 and 2022. Its investment into ARKit and features like the LiDAR scanner in the new iPad Pro further support these rumors.

## [Zoom goes down, bringing much of the remote workplace and classroom to grinding halt (1 minute read)](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/zoom-goes-down-bringing-much-remote-workplace-classroom-grinding-halt-n1237852/1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/TGL7DIKb4-mSEibci5oCBy8p1_1yWF19hc1QGigaSOA=155)

Zoom suffered a massive outage on Monday morning. The outage likely affected millions of workers and students. Zoom's service has been restored and the company will continue to monitor the situation.

## [Elon Musk to unveil Neuralink progress with real-time neuron demonstration this week (2 minute read)](https://www.teslarati.com/elon-musk-neuralink-neuron-demonstration-event//1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/gek_2wIy417i652jL2_uszI_rpYAZiXeDaUIiVN1kMw=155)

Neuralink has scheduled an event for August 28th to update the public on its progress. Elon Musk tweeted about the event at the end of July, hinting that there would be a live demonstration of neuron activity at the event. Neuralink's long-term goal is to gain human symbiosis with artificial intelligence. The project involves connecting electrodes throughout the brain and reading its neuron signals, analyzing the signals, and eventually attempting to copy or direct them. This technology could help people with neurological impairments restore function.

## [Artificial Photosynthesis Advance: Standalone Device Converts Sunlight, CO2 and Water Into Clean Fuel (3 minute read)](https://scitechdaily.com/artificial-photosynthesis-advance-standalone-device-converts-sunlight-co2-and-water-into-clean-fuel//1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/PPmjHnt8LmjJhOGmXYrojmaHlJTsV_rMZZlVwbZ86MU=155)

A device developed at the University of Cambridge can convert sunlight, carbon dioxide, and water into oxygen and formic acid, without requiring any additional components or electricity. Formic acid is a storable fuel that can be either used directly or converted into hydrogen. Artificial photosynthesis is difficult to achieve without producing unwanted by-products. The new technique produces almost no by-products and uses a catalyst that is easy to make and relatively stable.

## [Rough Awesome Font (GitHub Website)](https://djamshed.github.io/rough-awesome-font/dist//1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/tbYpSm4DJWJGrp_QEUYkbP4cfrFTSnUMVdrO8nECg2E=155)

This page contains a library of SVG icons with a rough hand-drawn effect. Users can search for icons and customize the color and background of the icons. The SVG source can be copied directly into your projects.

## [Python libraries to make your code readable, reliable, and maintainable (7 minute read)](https://isaak.dev/2020/08/python-libraries-to-make-your-code-readable-and-maintainable/1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/bgfko68kdEdNtUOiCFS7cJA3BtY8Caz8bHWI9JuBHlU=155)

Writing quality code means that it will be easier for you when you will have to go over again. This article contains a list of tools to help write quality Python code. It covers testing frameworks, test runners, GUI/frontend testing, fake data, and more.

## [The robot revolution has arrived (23 minute read)](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/magazine/2020/09/the-robot-revolution-has-arrived-feature//1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/GX7A9yVMqQJ3ZpT6dvL1Vfcnk2o_wFsC1rwa4kYvL2U=155)

Robots are everywhere. They have been performing tasks for us and slowly replacing humans in the workforce even before the pandemic. Now, the need for robots to replace human workers seems like a medically wise decision. The workplace of the future will be an ecosystem where humans and robots work together to maximize efficiency. There are many examples of humans already working with robots, which are described in detail in the article. The aim of many robot developers is not to replace humans, but to fill a current need.

## [This giant glowing orb is the world’s first floating Apple Store (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/8/24/21399749/apple-store-retail-singapore-floating-design-marina-bay-sands/1/010001742516804c-55882562-51ca-409a-94ba-5cb07c0ea4e7-000000/uicA1SFUPlcZ3SI-AaI83-36Wj_aHzHbh2dJQW4zM-s=155)

Apple has built a new retail location at Singapore's Marina Bay Sands. It is the third Apple Store in Singapore and the 512th shop globally. The store features a unique design, with images available in the article. It was designed as an evening fixture best viewed in the dark. A teaser video for the store is also available. The opening date for the store is still yet unknown.

