+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "ask", "anything!", "feature"]
date = 2021-07-01T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-07-01 - topics: ask, anything!, feature"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "ask", "anything!", "feature", "css", "companies", "team"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-07-01"
type = "post"

+++

## [Slack launches Huddles, Discord-like audio calls you can hop in and out of (6 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/30/22556992/slack-huddles-audio-calls-feature-launch-discord-like)

Huddles is a new feature in Slack that allows team members to jump in and out of a persistent call freely at all hours. The feature is designed to replace the informal office conversations that colleagues used to have across their desks. There is a screen-sharing feature, so teams can use it for spontaneous meetings. Huddles can be created in any channel or DM, including between companies. Slack will introduce voice, video, and screen recordings in the coming months.

## [Instagram is developing its own version of Twitter’s Super Follow with ‘Exclusive Stories’ (4 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/06/30/instagram-is-developing-its-own-version-of-twitters-super-follow-with-exclusive-stories/)

Instagram is building a feature that will allow creators to publish exclusive content to their Instagram stories that will only be available to their fans. Access to Exclusive Stories will likely come with a subscription payment of some kind. Screenshots of the feature were leaked and confirmed as authentic by Instagram, but the company has declined to share any details about it. The leaked screenshots are available in the article. Instagram has been working on more features to help creators monetize their work.

## [Flying Car Completes Its First-Ever Inter-City Flight (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/flying-car-completes-its-first-ever-inter-city-flight)

The AirCar, a flying car that can transition between flying and driving modes, performed a 35-minute international flight on June 28. It transitioned into its driving mode on landing and drove downtown after the flight. The AirCar weighs approximately 2,425 lbs and can lift an extra 440 lbs. It has completed over 40 hours of test flights and it is near production. The creator planned to start selling the vehicle in May, but couldn't as aircraft certification tests were still pending. A 3-minute video showing the AirCar completing its first-ever inter-city flight is available.

## [A top designer wants to build an air-purifying Tesla rival that you can sleep and eat in (6 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/30/thomas-heatherwick-on-his-an-air-purifying-airo.html)

Chinese auto firm IM Motors hired a London-based studio to design its new electric vehicle. The firm had no experience designing cars, although it was behind the futuristic designs of Google's new buildings in Mountain View and London. The vehicle design features double sliding doors, adjustable seats that can be turned into beds, and a battery-powered air purifier that will help clean the air around the vehicle. Its interior is being envisioned as an extension of the home. Pictures of the design are available in the article.

## [Simple CSS Hack to Reduce Page Load Time (3 minute read)](https://javascript.plainenglish.io/simple-css-hack-to-reduce-page-load-time-366f7aaaa3be)

CSS is one of the prime factors that impacts page load times. The more CSS there is, the longer it takes to create a Render Tree. CSS is loaded on priority, so is said to be render-blocking. This article discusses how to resolve this issue and make pages load faster by using non-blocking CSS.

## [Radix Colors (Website)](https://bit.ly/3h78Uuo/1/0100017a618c5ee9-b3cab5e5-2210-49a1-889e-5d92c1233804-000000/f61QM0Cesoh9IiQj81-Krd3dzWtGWDK_sSk_SyohCj4=204)

Radix Colors is a color system for designing websites and apps. It features multiple combinations that are guaranteed to pass WCAG contrast ratio, dark mode, and transparent variants for UI components that need to blend into colored backgrounds.

## [Google and Microsoft agree to start suing each other again (4 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2021/06/google-and-microsoft-ditch-non-aggression-pact-rev-up-rivalry-again/)

Google and Microsoft have agreed to stop the non-aggression pact that was signed five years ago. The pact allowed the companies to set aside their numerous lawsuits and resolve their conflicts behind closed doors. The companies recently disagreed over fair pay in ad tech, and they are escalating the issue by unraveling the pact. By undoing the pact, the companies are opening themselves up to additional antitrust scrutiny.

## ['Great Resignation' gains steam as return-to-work plans take effect (3 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/29/more-people-plan-to-quit-as-return-to-work-plans-go-into-effect-.html)

A recent survey by jobs site Monster found that 95 percent of workers are now considering changing jobs, with 92 percent willing to switch industries to find the right position. Burnout and lack of growth opportunities were the biggest drivers for the shift. There are also a higher number of job openings than ever before, contributing to why people are willing to try out new opportunities. Many employees want to continue working remotely, so most organizations are trying to work out how to combine remote and on-site work.

## [Hi, we're the team behind Levels.fyi, the most accurate resource for finding and negotiating tech salaries, ask us anything! (TLDR AMA)](https://tldr.tech/token/6c3ef825381ee396191f77cb92dd1969?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Ftldr.tech%2Fama%2Flevels-fyi/1/0100017a618c5ee9-b3cab5e5-2210-49a1-889e-5d92c1233804-000000/Ttz2jMCerM795r0uiLVe2bwkMg9_E-5S7LWOhzeqPcc=204)

Hi, we're Levels.fyi cofounders Zuhayeer and Zaheer, along with lead salary negotiator Sarah. We created Levels.fyi in 2017 as a simple visualization tool to compare titles across companies and it quickly grew into tech's largest and most accurate salary database. Last year we launched our salary negotiation service through which we coach people to negotiate higher salaries with prospective employers. We're here to answer your questions on compensation, negotiation, and more, ask us anything!

## [Hi, I'm Trey Goff, Chief of Staff at Honduras Prospera, a private semi-autonomous charter city in Honduras. Ask me anything! (TLDR AMA)](https://tldr.tech/token/6c3ef825381ee396191f77cb92dd1969?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Ftldr.tech%2Fama%2Ftrey-goff/1/0100017a618c5ee9-b3cab5e5-2210-49a1-889e-5d92c1233804-000000/d5f_ckZX0vjgA277ufMiZCXFr_lir8evSb9ibQ_q5wQ=204)

Hi, I'm Trey Goff, Chief of Staff at Honduras Prospera, a private semi-autonomous new city project in Honduras. We have worked with the Honduran government to create the world's most advanced special economic zone, focused on catalyzing prosperity and improving lives.As humanity continues to grow more urbanized, a more dynamic form of political organization will be required. Our long-term goal is to catalyze this change, to create a world in which governments compete for residents and where residents voluntarily and easily choose their governance.In Honduras, we are launching our very first prosperity hub on the island of Roatan. Ask me anything! (More details about the project on the AMA page).

## [Hi, I’m Chrisman Frank, CEO of Synthesis, an extracurricular program based on SpaceX’s internal school for children of employees, ask me anything! (Completed TLDR AMA)](https://tldr.tech/token/6c3ef825381ee396191f77cb92dd1969?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Ftldr.tech%2Fama%2Fchrisman-frank/1/0100017a618c5ee9-b3cab5e5-2210-49a1-889e-5d92c1233804-000000/0T2FCcdWYSeBCz5rHUv6mRt-T2QyNG0fmjeN-qpWfkc=204)

Hi, I'm cofounder and CEO of Synthesis, an extracurricular program that teaches complex problem-solving and decision-making for kids 7 to 14 through online team games. My cofounder Josh Dahn developed the Synthesis concept while running Ad Astra, a small lab school he built for Elon Musk on the SpaceX campus. Before Synthesis, I was engineer #1 at ClassDojo, a K-12 network that reaches ~30 million teachers, students, and families every month. Ask me anything! (There is a demo video link on the AMA page.)

