+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "modular", "tesla", "company"]
date = 2021-06-02T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-02 - topics: modular, tesla, company, bird, one, human"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "modular", "tesla", "company", "bird", "one", "human", "reconstruction", "available", "article."]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-02"
type = "post"

+++

## [Google helps map one cubic millimeter of human brain tissue that comes in at 1.4 petabytes (2 minute read)](https://9to5google.com/2021/06/01/google-human-brain-map/)

Google and Harvard University have released a browsable 1.4-petabyte reconstruction of roughly one cubic millimeter of brain tissue. The 3D reconstruction was created from 225 million 2D images of tissues collected from donors who had undergone surgery to treat epilepsy. It represents only one-millionth the volume of an entire brain. A link to the reconstruction is available in the article.

## [Tesla files trademark for restaurant services — going to grab a bite at a Tesla burger joint soon? (2 minute read)](https://electrek.co/2021/06/01/tesla-files-trademark-restaurant-services/)

Tesla may be expanding the amenities around its charging infrastructure and may even add actual restaurants. The company recently filed for three new trademarks for its brand under restaurant services. Elon Musk said in 2018 that Tesla was planning to open an old-school drive-in at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in Los Angeles. The company had submitted building applications earlier this year but they didn't include plans for a restaurant.

## [China Confirms First Human Infection of H10N3 Bird Flu (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/china-confirms-first-human-infection-of-h10n3-bird-flu)

China's National Health Commission has confirmed the first case of human infection with H10N3, a strain of bird flu. The patient survived and there were no other cases. Widespread transmission of the disease is extremely unlikely as it is a low pathogenic strain of the virus. There are many strains of bird flu, but they mainly affect those who work with poultry regularly. The worst instance of bird flu in China killed around 300 people between 2016 and 2017.

## [How a Berkshire Hathaway company is quietly disrupting the construction industry (8 minute read)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90637837/how-a-berkshire-hathaway-company-is-quietly-planning-to-disrupt-the-construction-industry)

The MiTek Modular Initiative is a joint venture between MiTek, a construction software and building services company, and Danny Forster & Architecture, a firm that designs modular buildings. The initiative's goal is to develop a new approach to factory-based modular construction. It has an undisclosed amount of backing from Berkshire Hathaway. Volumetric modular building is a form of prefabrication that uses factories to build boxes that can be combined into rooms and stacked into buildings. Modular construction companies usually fail due to a lack of funding. Photos of the Initiative's modular buildings are available in the article.

## [Helix (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix)

Helix is an editor written in Rust. Its editing model is heavily based on kakoune. Helix features vim-like modal editing, multiple selections, built-in language server support, and syntax highlighting and code editing via tree-sitter.

## [Better JSON in Postgres with PostgreSQL 14 (4 minute read)](https://blog.crunchydata.com/blog/better-json-in-postgres-with-postgresql-14)

PostgreSQL 14 introduces changes that make it easier than ever to use JSONB. JSONB compresses data and does not preserve white space, unlike JSON. It also comes with better indexing ability. Examples of how the new changes make JSONB more user-friendly are available in the article.

## [World’s largest meat supplier grinds to a halt after cyberattack (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/1/22463621/jbs-cyberattack-russia-largest-meat-supplier)

A Brazilian company that supplies a fifth of the world's meat was recently the victim of a coordinated cyberattack. The attack has caused some of the largest slaughterhouses in the US and Canada to shut down already. White House officials have blamed the attack on a criminal organization likely based in Russia. The attack has the potential to disrupt the global availability of beef and pork if not resolved quickly.

## [Watch: Drone crashes into erupting Icelandic volcano (1 minute video)](https://www.bbc.com/news/av/world-europe-57314928)

A YouTuber trying to film a close-up of the Fagradalsfjall volcano lost their drone when it crashed into a lava spew. The volcano has been erupting since March. It has become a tourist attraction. The video shows the moment when the drone crashes into the lava.

