+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "twitter", "blood", "system"]
date = 2021-05-17T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-05-17 - topics: twitter, blood, system"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "twitter", "blood", "system", "may", "video", "article."]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-05-17"
type = "post"

+++

## [New leak ahead of Google I/O claims Android 12 may include changes for widgets and notifications (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/16/22438065/new-leaks-ahead-google-io-android-12-big-changes)

A new leak showing off Android 12 has appeared just before Google I/O. The video shows what appears to be a new user interface with new widgets, toggles, and stacked notifications. There is also a new keyboard design and a new lock screen with a larger clock. The video revealing the leaks is linked in the article.

## ['Twitter Blue' is the company's upcoming subscription service (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2021/05/15/twitter-blue-subscription-service-to-include-undo-tweets-feature-and-collections-priced-at-2-99/)

Twitter Blue is a subscription service that Twitter is working on that features a new function called Collections and an Undo Tweet button. Collections will let users save and organize their favorite tweets. The Undo Tweet button will let users cancel tweets up to a few seconds after sending the message. Twitter may bundle Scroll with Twitter Blue, which would remove ads from the subscriber's feed. The service is still in development, so details may change before launch.

## [China has successfully landed on Mars (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2021/05/china-is-about-to-attempt-a-highly-ambitious-landing-on-mars/)

China's Tianwen-1 probe has landed on Mars. Its Zhurong rover will exit the lander within the next three days and start exploring the red planet. The rover has a mass of about 240 kg, comparable to NASA's Spirit and Opportunity rovers. This is the first time China has sent a spacecraft to Mars. Tianwen-1 arrived into Mars orbit on February 10 and spent three months collecting images of its landing site, the large Utopia Planitia impact basin.

## [In the Search to Stall Aging, Biotech Startups Are Out for Blood (12 minute read)](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/innovation/in-search-to-stall-aging-biotech-startups-are-out-for-blood-180977728/)

In the last few decades, the idea of using blood as an elixir of youth has come closer to reality. Some high-profile studies have demonstrated the regenerative abilities of young blood in aged mice. Several startups have launched with the aim to combat aging through our blood. This article explores some of these companies and their approaches to using blood to fight aging and age-related diseases.

## [Exploiting custom protocol handlers for cross-browser tracking in Tor, Safari, Chrome, and Firefox (9 minute read)](https://fingerprintjs.com/blog/external-protocol-flooding/)

This article describes a vulnerability that allows for third-party tracking across different desktop browsers on the same device. The vulnerability affects Tor users. It allows for targeted advertisement and user profiling without consent. The exploit has been possible for more than five years. Until it is fixed, the only way to have private browsing sessions not associated with your primary device is to use another device altogether.

## [Lima: Linux-on-Mac (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/AkihiroSuda/lima)

Lima launches Linux virtual machines on macOS. It features automatic file sharing, automatic port forwarding, built-in support for containerd, and more. Lima has not been tested on ARM processors, but it should work.

## [Cloudflare says it’s time to end CAPTCHA ‘madness’, launches new security key-based replacement (4 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/16/22436395/cloudflare-end-captcha-madness-security-key-cryptographic-attestation-of-personhood)

Cloudflare wants to get rid of CAPTCHAs completely by replacing them with a system called Cryptographic Attestation of Personhood. The system uses physical security keys and offers improvements in speed and accessibility. Cloudflare is currently testing the system on a limited basis and it is looking into other authenticators as well. A link to a demo of the new system is available in the article.

## [Watch A Waymo AV Get Freaked Out By Traffic Cones, Block Traffic, And Evade Support Vehicles (5 minute read)](https://jalopnik.com/watch-a-waymo-av-get-freaked-out-by-traffic-cones-bloc-1846897182)

YouTuber JJRicks Studios documents his rides in Waymo's robotaxi fleet in Phoenix. In a recent video, a vehicle got confused when it detected traffic cones and was unable to plot a route around them, blocking traffic. The vehicle called Waymo's roadside assistance, but a road maintenance worker removed the cone before the assistance driver could get to the scene, freeing the vehicle, which got stuck again at another set of traffic cones soon after. The 35-minute video demonstrates how far self-driving cars have come, and how far they still have to go. It is available in the article.

