+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "produce", "future", "able"]
date = 2021-11-29T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-29 - topics: produce, future, able, could, device, light"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "produce", "future", "able", "could", "device", "light", "css", "jellyfish", "neurons", "working"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-29"
type = "post"

+++

## [Apple still working on multi-device charger, a future where all devices ‘can charge each other’ (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2021/11/28/apple-multi-device-wireless-charger/)

Apple is working on a multi-device charger for its products as well as short and long-distance wireless charging. The company envisions a future where all of its major devices will be able to charge each other, for example, an Apple Watch could be used to charge a pair of AirPods. Apple has been rumored to be working on these technologies for years. It attempted and failed to launch a multi-device charger a few years ago.

## [Apple AR Headset Coming in Late 2022 With Mac-Level Computing Power (1 minute read)](https://www.macrumors.com/2021/11/25/kuo-apple-ar-headset-mac-level-computing/)

Apple's augmented reality headset project is set to launch its first device next year. The device will be able to operate independently and will launch with a comprehensive range of applications. It will have two processors, a higher-end main processor similar to the M1 chip and a lower-end processor for managing sensor-related aspects of the device. The device will support virtual reality and Wi-Fi 6E technology.

## [3D-printed 'living ink' could lead to self-repairing buildings (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/living-ink-3d-printed-191010409.html)

A team of scientists have genetically engineered microbes to create living nanofibers as part of a process to produce an ink that can be used in a standard 3D printer. The material can be tailored to certain tasks, such as producing anti-cancer drugs or removing toxins from the environment. It can manufacture itself, so only a few basic resources would be needed to produce whatever is needed. While the ink is not yet ready for practical use, it could one day produce buildings that can repair themselves or self-assembling materials for building on the Moon or other planets.

## ['Squeezed' light might produce breakthroughs in nano-sized electronics (1 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/magic-wand-squeezed-light-nanoelectronics-214429677.html?src=rss)

Nanoscale devices can be difficult to study and improve as they're too small to reflect enough light to be viewed clearly. Researchers from UC Riverside have built a device that squeezes tungsten lamp light into a 6-nanometer spot at the end of a silver nanowire to produce color imaging at an unprecedented level. The system records changes in beam shape and color as the nanowire's tip passes over objects. It is able to create color photos of carbon nanotubes. The technology could play an important role in developing more uniform nanomaterials and help improve other areas of research where this level of resolution hasn't been available.

## [My Custom CSS Reset (10 minute read)](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/custom-css-reset/)

A CSS reset is a stylesheet designed to reduce browser inconsistencies. This article discusses a CSS reset that can be used for any project, no matter the aesthetic. It contains many tips for improving user experience and the CSS authoring experience.

## [Rematch (Website)](https://bit.ly/2ZAEhaQ/1/0100017d6b629d5f-f2f0c524-8bfe-41a8-a561-55e0e22fd3d7-000000/0PH7v2W7GWG6_H2HbddhNtydYNHikzAkdhcgBXNsNo8=225)

Rematch builds on Redux by reducing boilerplate and enforcing best practices. It doesn't require any configuration and it supports built-in side effects, React Devtools, TypeScript, hot-reloading, and much more. Rematch is extendable with plugins, with many plugins available out of the box. Examples are available.

## [How to read a jellyfish's mind (5 minute read)](https://phys.org/news/2021-11-jellyfish-mind.html)

A team of researchers have genetically modified jellyfish so that their neurons light up when activated. This allowed them to watch the animal's neural activity as it behaved naturally. Jellyfish have brains diffused across their bodies like a net, with each part able to operate autonomously. By observing jellyfish neurons in real-time, the scientists determined that while the network of neurons seems unstructured, there is a surprising degree of organization. The level of neural organization is invisible under a microscope and can only be seen by visualizing active neurons. A couple of short clips showing jellyfish neurons lighting up are available in the article.

## [Crypto enthusiasts want to buy an NBA team, after failing to purchase US Constitution (4 minute read)](https://www.npr.org/2021/11/26/1059413217/crypto-enthusiasts-want-to-buy-an-nba-team-after-failing-to-purchase-us-constitu)

Krause House DAO is a new decentralized autonomous organization that aims to purchase an NBA franchise. The group of around 2,000 members raised the equivalent of $4 million in six days. While the funds are currently nowhere near what they will need to buy even the least-valuable NBA team, the organization has plans to invest the funds into future projects so that it can become a serious bidder one day. The group offers an NFT that comes with voting power in the community, but it does not guarantee future ownership of a team.

