+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "using", "meta", "available"]
date = 2021-11-17T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-17 - topics: using, meta, available"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "using", "meta", "available", "crypto", "apple", "browser"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-17"
type = "post"

+++

## [Meta’s sci-fi haptic glove prototype lets you feel VR objects using air pockets (6 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/11/16/22782860/meta-facebook-reality-labs-soft-robotics-haptic-glove-prototype?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4)

Meta has revealed a pair of haptic gloves that lets people feel objects in virtual reality. The glove is lined with inflatable plastic pads, also known as actuators. It acts as a VR controller, with sensors that capture how the wearer's fingers are bending. A control system adjusts the level of inflation in the actuators, creating pressure on different parts of the wearer's hand. Pictures of the gloves are available in the article.

## [Brave browser now includes a built-in crypto wallet (1 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/brave-browser-crypto-wallet-170011074.html)

Brave has updated its desktop browser with a built-in crypto wallet. Users will be able to buy, sell, and swap their crypto with fewer security risks than the usual browser add-ons. It is a self-custody wallet with integrations with other wallets, as well as the ability to track crypto market data and control portfolios that include NFTs. The feature will be available on mobile devices soon.

## [A New Membrane Can Substantially Upgrade Wearable Energy Generators (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/a-new-membrane-can-substantially-upgrade-wearable-energy-generators)

Scientists from Japan and China have created a new triboelectric fabric that can generate power from body motion while maintaining the flexibility and breathability of modern clothing. The team achieved these properties by using a multilayered triboelectric nanogenerator, nanowires, and a polystyrene charge storage layer. The technology is currently not able to generate large amounts of power, but the development of the new material represents a substantial advancement towards the future of wearable applications.

## [Sponge Genes Hint at the Origins of Neurons and Other Cells (7 minute read)](https://www.quantamagazine.org/sponge-genes-hint-at-the-origins-of-neurons-and-other-cells-20211104//1/0100017d2d959bf9-300e98ca-ed02-427c-8bc8-e42f95142753-000000/SF-pyI0pylWqOl0YL2YE_ALquqlsLv3B_LI3vw5i7nI=223)

A new study reveals how around 26,000 genes are expressed in the freshwater sponge Spongilla. The study offers important hints about how cell types evolved and may help settle the long debate on whether neurons evolved just once or many times. Many multifunctional cells in sponges express modules of genes usually associated with specialized cells in more complex vertebrates. The study has spawned many fascinating hypotheses that scientists are now testing.

## [caffeine (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/rehacktive/caffeine)

caffeine is a basic REST service for JSON data. It can be used for prototyping and MVPs. All data is managed in-memory, and it features schema validation, search using jq-like syntax, CORS, and more. A sample Vue app using caffeine is available as a demo.

## [RedisJSON: Public Preview & Performance Benchmarking (12 minute read)](https://redis.com/blog/redisjson-public-preview-performance-benchmarking/)

RedisJSON is now available as a public preview. It allows developers to build applications by using a dynamic hierarchical JSON document model. RedisJSON can be used in various architectural scenarios, for example, as a cache, as a query accelerator, or as a primary database. It is faster than MongoDB and ElasticSearch on direct read, write, and update workloads. Benchmarks and comparisons are available.

## [Meta goes into lockdown (10 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/11/16/22785397/meta-facebook-leak-lockdown)

Meta has started pulling talks at its summits due to risks of leaks. The company had always adhered to an open culture, but leaks have become an increasing problem in recent years. Meta recently rolled out a new Integrity Umbrella system designed to thwart leakers by limiting access to private Workplace groups. Employees who need access to a group can request it through a specific form. Employees at Meta claim that isolating company discussions will harm users in the long run.

## [Apple developing new ‘SportsKit’ framework as it invests in sports content for Apple TV (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2021/11/16/apple-developing-new-sportskit-framework-as-it-invests-in-sports-content-for-apple-tv/)

Apple has been reportedly building its own sports platform as part of its Apple TV+ streaming service. References to something called 'SportsKit' have been found in the iOS 15.2 beta. The API is currently being developed as a private framework, which makes sense since sports-related content usually requires special deals. Apple has been in talks with multiple companies and organizations to bring sports content to its platform for years, so it may finally be ready to reveal something new in the coming months.

