+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "display", "data", "job"]
date = 2022-01-03T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2022-01-03 - topics: display, data, job"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "display", "data", "job", "external", "pro", "xdr"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2022-01-03"
type = "post"

+++

## [Apple developing new external display that’s around half the price of the Pro Display XDR (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2022/01/02/gurman-apple-developing-cheaper-external-display-half-price-pro-display-xdr/)

Apple may be preparing to launch a new external display this year. The display will be slightly smaller than the Pro Display XDR and about half the price. A leak in December suggested that Apple was developing 24-inch and 27-inch external displays. Apple is also working on a successor to the Pro Display XDR with an Apple-made SoC and Neural Engine.

## [Intel and Samsung’s new demo shows how blisteringly fast a PCIe 5.0 SSD setup will be (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/12/30/22860374/intel-samsung-ces-2022-demo-pcie-5-0-ssd-setup-speed-test)

Samsung’s new PM1743 PCIe NVMe SSD can hit data speeds over 13GB/s in real world tests. A recent video demo from Intel shows the hard drive working with Intel’s Core i9-12900K CPU to hit speeds more than twice as fast as the PlayStation 5's PCIe Gen 4 SSD. The drive will likely come with a hefty price tag when consumer-grade versions are released. A video showing a speed test of the drive is available in the article.

## [Building the world's brightest X-ray laser (3 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/building-the-worlds-brightest-x-ray-laser/)

The Linac Coherent Light Source II (LCLS-II) will be the second world-class X-ray laser at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. It will be capable of firing up to 1 million light pulses per second, with beams 10,000 times brighter than its predecessor. The beams are run through a series of alternating magnets to produce X-rays, which are then used to create molecular movies. LCLS-II will allow scientists to answer questions regarding energy transfer, possibly leading to the improvement of technologies like solar power. A video that shows what it is like inside the more than 2-mile long tunnel that houses LCLS-II is available in the article.

## [Reusable "Microballoons" could give satellites a run for their money (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/science/microballoons-reusable-stratospheric-balloons/)

Urban Sky's Microballoon system can take high-res aerial photographs at a much lower cost than satellites, drones, or full-sized aircraft. Each Microballoon consists of a reusable stratospheric balloon and a payload module that houses a high-res optical camera. The system can image approximately 1,000 square kilometers per hour. Microballoons are already being used by a handful of paying clients. Urban Sky recently won a contract from the US Air Force to develop Microballoons for real-time monitoring of forest fires.

## [End of Year Pay Report 2021 (1 minute read)](https://www.levels.fyi/2021/)

This report from Levels.fyi examines the data they collected in 2021 to find the top paying companies and locations. The top paying company for entry-level engineers was Two Sigma. The San Francisco Bay Area had the highest median pay in the US. Zurich, Switzerland, had the highest median pay internationally.

## [SeaTunnel (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seatunnel)

SeaTunnel is a distributed data integration platform that supports real-time synchronization of massive data. It is easy to use, flexible, and it supports low code development, real-time streaming, offline multi-source data analysis, and more. SeaTunnel can be used for mass data synchronization, integration, and aggregation, ETL with massive data, and multi-source data processing.

## [12 Exciting Engineering Milestones to Look for in 2022 (7 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/12-milestones-2022)

This article gives an overview of engineering milestones that will happen in 2022. The technologies include Wi-Fi 6E, electric planes, 3-nanometer chips, cryogenic energy storage, and more.

## [Jobs in Web3 - How I landed a job in 4 months (9 minute read)](https://blog.kacieahmed.com/jobs-in-web3-how-i-landed-a-job-in-4-months)

Minting NFTs, creating cryptocurrencies, and making DApps is just scratching the surface of web3. Finding a job in web3 development requires knowledge of advanced topics and a high level understanding of topics related to the job that is being applied for. This article follows a developer's experience in finding a job in web3. It details the mistakes they made on the way and gives plenty of advice on how to be successful in the space.

