+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "zoom", "people", "compromised"]
date = 2020-07-16T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-07-16 - topics: zoom, people, compromised, 6g, twitter, mobile"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "zoom", "people", "compromised", "6g", "twitter", "mobile", "5g", "data", "devices", "google"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-07-16"
type = "post"

+++

## [Barack Obama, Joe Biden, Elon Musk, Apple, and others hacked in unprecedented Twitter attack (7 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/7/15/21326200/elon-musk-bill-gates-twitter-hack-bitcoin-scam-compromised/1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/mjKGA0DY_B79xvvitEHWNe8hu_jMG8ioWfH6stv9ovo=150)

Twitter accounts of some major companies and individuals were compromised in an attack that resulted in Twitter blocking new tweets from all verified users and locking all compromised accounts. The compromised accounts tweeted messages promoting a bitcoin scam. One of Twitter's own internal employee tools were compromised and used in the attack. The scammer has so far amassed over 12 bitcoins.

## [Zoom introduces all-in-one home communications appliance for $599 (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2020/07/15/zoom-introduces-all-in-one-home-communications-appliance-for-599//1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/GgIqcMDck7l8gpPz2HdZi5Uygm43QTJGFFckBmWeQ-U=150)

Zoom has unveiled the Zoom for Home - DTEN ME, an all-in-one communications appliance. It features a standalone 27-inch screen, three wide-angle cameras, and 8 microphones. The appliance is pre-loaded with Zoom software and a custom interface. It can be linked with a laptop or mobile phone through an ultrasonic pairing. Zoom is now taking pre-orders for the appliance, which costs $599 and works with an existing Zoom license.

## [Samsung: Expect 6G in 2028, enabling mobile holograms and digital twins (3 minute read)](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/14/samsung-expect-6g-in-2028-enabling-mobile-holograms-and-digital-twins//1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/YPTOEmEyiNbT2AmwuhJyip15uoWPFfBYL8MykgQEzSo=150)

While 5G is still just starting to roll out, scientists are already working on the next-generation 6G standard. 6G is expected to offer 50 times higher peak data rates than 5G plus support for 10 times more connected devices in a square kilometer. Samsung is preparing for a 6G launch in 2028, two years ahead of the commonly predicted 2030 timeframe. Future technologies are sure to require significant amounts of bandwidth, with some projected requirements already surpassing the 5G network's capabilities.

## [Google's quiet experiments may lead to smart tattoos, holographic glasses (17 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/features/googles-quiet-experiments-may-lead-to-smart-tattoos-holographic-glasses//1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/l93wmas90lK2OUiiPosmypPzvw52Wr0zthpIrFFpLR8=150)

Google Research is a branch of Google that focuses on technological breakthroughs. The Interaction Lab was created to make wearables and interface technology. It has developed several technologies such as sunglasses that can project holographic icons, a smartwatch with analog hands, temporary tattoos that can turn your body into a touchpad, and more. Google has been attempting to put a wearable to market for years. Wearable devices can collect personal data on users beyond what data mining on mobile devices can produce. This article takes a look at a few of Google's many experimental products, providing a video and explanation of each invention.

## [whatthefuck.is (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/gaearon/whatthefuck.is/1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/ox1bYBcdU_orVQNgWmUE2tvF5HySD3IVAs2ccmQa7zQ=150)

whatthefuck.is is an opinionated glossary of computer science terms for front-end developers. It is currently a work in progress and open for question submissions. A curse-free mirror is available.

## [Giving GPT-3 a Turing Test (11 minute read)](http://lacker.io/ai/2020/07/06/giving-gpt-3-a-turing-test.html/1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/eE4FrDZMq7MrIKLEnLCd6ylxant6xPQvxSOearBWeOM=150)

GPT-3 is a general language model that is trained on a large amount of uncategorized text from the internet without any guidance. It tries to guess what text comes next given a prompt like a question, sentence, or description. While it can answer many normal questions and almost pass for a human, its performance starts to crack when you ask it abnormal questions. It always tries to answer a question, rather than saying it doesn't know the answer to a question. GPT-3 is still in a closed beta. A link to join the beta is available at the end of the article.

## [The Coronavirus Pandemic has Changed Our Sleep (5 minute read)](https://jeffhuang.com/covid_sleep//1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/KRIihgP4KJwdSKlGtTQsyEMMc8f82T5BVlGEHazC0_Y=150)

A study of over 100,000 people from around the world over the last few months has revealed the impact that the coronavirus pandemic has had on global sleep patterns. People are waking up later, especially on weekends. For 51% of people in the study, their sleeping habits stayed the same as pre-pandemic levels. 32% of people overall slept longer than they did before the pandemic, with 17% of people sleeping less.

## [Who was Fahim Saleh, the tech CEO brutally dismembered in NYC? (4 minute read)](https://nypost.com/2020/07/15/who-was-fahim-saleh-the-tech-ceo-brutally-dismembered-in-nyc//1/01000173571c9c00-2a2d8b65-1f6a-483d-8768-dc2c0ca1aa6c-000000/JpSzj17OQQMTbiZfBN0Jc1VthNX0wm16TCokIyjOY6o=150)

Fahim Saleh was a tech entrepreneur who lived in New York. Described by one of his friends as 'the Elon Musk of the developing world', Saleh founded and co-founded several startups, including ride-hailing company Pathao, Nigeria-based motorcycle ridesharing company Gokada, venture capital firm Adventure Capital, and others. Saleh was murdered and dismembered in his apartment in what appeared to be a professional killing on Monday. Video footage showed his suspected murderer attacking him, leaving no blood in the apartment.

