+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "scientists", "time", "meat"]
date = 2021-06-29T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-29 - topics: scientists, time, meat, milk, videos, event"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "scientists", "time", "meat", "milk", "videos", "event", "venue", "(2", "youtube", "outside"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-29"
type = "post"

+++

## [YouTube wins naming rights for 6,000-seat event venue at Hollywood Park (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/28/22554487/youtube-theater-hollywood-park-live-events-google)

YouTube Theater is a new live event venue in Inglewood, California. It will host concerts, comedy shows, YouTube creator events, esports competitions, and community shows. The 6,000-seat venue is at the site of the former Hollywood Park Racetrack. It has a 6,100-square-foot stage and a 3,500-square-foot private club. The theater will have a large-scale digital YouTube 'play' button icon outside that can turn into an immersive video screen. It is set to open later this summer.

## [Amazon is using algorithms with little human intervention to fire Flex workers (4 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2021/06/amazon-is-firing-flex-workers-using-algorithms-with-little-human-intervention/)

Amazon Flex hirings and firings are all handled by software, with minimal intervention by humans. Many workers are reporting that they are being fired for reasons outside of their control. The reasons that Amazon gives for the firings often don't match the true reason for the termination. Executives at Amazon are apparently aware of the faults in the system but they are unconcerned as long as there are sufficient numbers of replacements for those who are mistakenly terminated. The Flex app was downloaded 200,000 times in May.

## [In A World First, Scientists Made Human Milk Outside of the Breast (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/in-a-world-first-scientists-made-human-milk-outside-of-the-breast)

A company called BIOMILQ recently announced that it has produced the world's first cell-cultured human milk. The milk is intended to be a healthier and more eco-friendly alternative to bovine-based infant formula. It has a macronutrient profile that matches the types and proportions of nutrients present in breast milk. The company makes it clear that its milk is not exactly the same as breast milk, and that its product is to be used as a supplemental feeding option. BIOMILQ's milk was developed in just 11 months. The company is partly funded by Bill Gates.

## [Harvard Scientists Pinpoint ‘Ground Zero’ of Aging in Mouse Embryo Study (3 minute read)](https://singularityhub.com/2021/06/28/harvard-scientists-pinpoint-ground-zero-of-aging-in-mouse-embryo-study/)

Scientists from Harvard have pinpointed the time when the age of a mouse embryo cell resets. DNA builds up small chemical and structural alterations as an organism ages, even in sperm and egg cells. This led scientists to conclude that there must be some kind of rejuvenation event to reset the offspring's cells. The scientists now hope to discover the actual mechanism behind the process and whether it can be induced in normal adult cells to rejuvenate them.

## [Temporal: getting started with JavaScript’s new date time API (14 minute read)](https://2ality.com/2021/06/temporal-api.html)

The Temporal date time API is a proposed replacement to JavaScript's current date time API. Temporal features support for time zones, non-Gregorian calendars, and specialized classes for Temporal values. All objects are immutable, and January is month 1. This blog post is a guide on how to get started with Temporal. It goes through the basics, covers the classes of the API and how they fit together, and ends with a comprehensive section with examples.

## [Go recipes (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/nikolaydubina/go-recipes)

This repository contains a set of handy commands to run in Go projects. The commands help you manage packages and dependencies. Example outputs from the commands are included.

## [World’s first lab-grown meat facility pumps out 5,000 burgers per day (2 minute read)](https://www.slashgear.com/worlds-first-lab-grown-meat-facility-pumps-out-5000-burgers-per-day-25680053/)

Future Meat Technologies announced its industrial cultured meat production facility on June 23. The factory, based in Israel, is capable of producing up to 1,100lbs of lab-grown meat every day. It can produce lamb, chicken, and pork products without using genetic modification or animal serum. It is also working on making beef. The facility requires 96 percent less freshwater, 99 percent less land, and produces 80 percent fewer greenhouse emissions than livestock production. Future Meat plans to start selling its products starting next year.

## [China releases videos of its Zhurong Mars rover (3 minute read)](https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-57628653)

The China National Space Agency has released footage of its Zhurong rover on the surface of Mars. There are three videos available. The videos were taken with a wireless camera that was on the ground away from the robot. One of the videos has sound and the robot's locomotion system can be heard, although it is muffled due to the nature of Mars' atmosphere. Scientists are hoping that the robot survives for at least 90 Martian days. It has so far driven 236m since it was deployed on May 21.

## [Hi, I’m Chrisman Frank, CEO of Synthesis, an extracurricular program based on SpaceX’s internal school for children of employees, ask me anything! (TLDR AMA)](https://tldr.tech/token/6c3ef825381ee396191f77cb92dd1969?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Ftldr.tech%2Fama%2Fchrisman-frank/1/0100017a573ed9ec-a11d01d6-4114-42ac-adf8-464923aad26c-000000/5QnCOgRFkmXINU9uOKPXR5XxOIKaHxEtGRD8V1bcNaw=203)

Hi, I'm cofounder and CEO of Synthesis, an extracurricular program that teaches complex problem-solving and decision-making for kids 7 to 14 through online team games. My cofounder Josh Dahn developed the Synthesis concept while running Ad Astra, a small lab school he built for Elon Musk on the SpaceX campus. Before Synthesis, I was engineer #1 at ClassDojo, a K-12 network that reaches ~30 million teachers, students, and families every month. Ask me anything!There is a demo video link on the AMA page.

