+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "ai", "us", "video"]
date = 2020-12-17T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-12-17 - topics: ai, us, video"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "ai", "us", "video", "japan", "vegas", "body"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-12-17"
type = "post"

+++

## [Amazon wants to scan your body to make perfectly fitting shirts (2 minute read)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90586835/amazon-wants-to-scan-your-body-to-make-perfectly-fitting-shirts/1/01000176706227f4-6b60db0e-fae1-4b07-a809-2252ad87da52-000000/RC37nGPS3K2wDbVg5QE7EI0Z1bapYKsFfsYwwBsuvVE=172)

Amazon recently unveiled a brand called 'Made for You' that makes custom-fitted clothes. Its first product is a $25 custom t-shirt. The process starts with the user inputting body dimension data to create a virtual body double, after which they can choose the color, sleeve length, and neckline of the shirt. Amazon has declined to discuss its manufacturing process in detail, but its website says the shirts are made in the US with imported fabric. It plans to offer other types of garments on the platform.

## [Netflix is bringing an audio-only mode to its Android app (2 minute read)](https://www.androidpolice.com/2020/12/16/netflix-is-rolling-out-an-audio-only-mode/?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4/1/01000176706227f4-6b60db0e-fae1-4b07-a809-2252ad87da52-000000/wOLfrpbIj9xzlc75NJL6wE1Q0tT6gGytMGBb3NDcUos=172)

Netflix is rolling out an audio-only mode to its Android app users. Users who have the feature will now see a new Video Off button at the top of the full-screen video player. There is a new Audio Only option in settings that lets users choose when they want to default to the mode. Screenshots from the Netflix Android app are available in the article.

## [Algorithms for Love: Japan Will Soon Launch an AI Dating Service (3 minute read)](https://singularityhub.com/2020/12/16/algorithms-for-love-japan-will-soon-launch-an-ai-dating-service//1/01000176706227f4-6b60db0e-fae1-4b07-a809-2252ad87da52-000000/NKBMwiVpKF04VvdSHUmW9ciw03f5N0v-4kNGfMr9XJk=172)

Japan's population has shrunk every year for the last 13 years. Possible reasons for this could be economic insecurity, women prioritizing careers over raising a family, and strict immigration standards. Young people in Japan seem to have lost interest in marriage, dating, and sex. This has become a concern for the Japanese Government, so it recently announced a 2 billion yen ($19.2 million) artificial intelligence matchmaking initiative. Government-aided matchmaking in Japan is already offered in 25 out of 47 of Japan's prefectures, so it is not a new concept. The Japanese government hopes that using AI will result in more compatible matches.

## [Wearing someone else's face: Hyper-realistic masks to go on sale in Japan (1 minute read)](https://www.reuters.com/article/japan-masks-idUSKBN28Q194)

A Japanese retailer has produced a hyper-realistic human face mask. They cost 98,000 yen ($950) each. The masks are based on real human faces. The retailer plans to add more faces to the lineup. Pictures of the masks are available in the article.

## [Rocky Linux (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/rocky-linux/rocky/1/01000176706227f4-6b60db0e-fae1-4b07-a809-2252ad87da52-000000/zITcREzs30rZ-HUjBCuMOLCdqYXBqDeTpV3B_UfPU4c=172)

Rocky Linux is a community-driven enterprise Operating System designed to be compatible with Enterprise Linux. It was created in response to the CentOS project's recent announcements. Rocky Linux will function as a downstream build, as CentOS had done previously. There is currently no release date.

## [Centering in CSS (8 minute read)](https://web.dev/centering-in-css//1/01000176706227f4-6b60db0e-fae1-4b07-a809-2252ad87da52-000000/OVuwBspd5g_r64Bq39XFVMOaVt6A6O7zy9phLrVty24=172)

This article explores five different CSS centering techniques and stress tests each strategy to see the limits of each technique. The stress test sees how the technique performs through five criteria: squish, squash, duplicate, edit, and flow. A 12-minute video version of the article is available.

## [Exclusive: AI Just Controlled a Military Plane for the First Time Ever (8 minute read)](https://www.popularmechanics.com/military/aviation/a34978872/artificial-intelligence-controls-u2-spy-plane-air-force-exclusive/)

On December 15, the US Air Force flew a U-2 spy plane with an AI copilot in California. It is the first time that AI has controlled a US military system. The US military has boosted its digital capabilities significantly in the last three years, building commercially-inspired development teams, coding clouds, and a combat internet that downed a cruise missile. The AI was based on an AI that has previously dominated chess, Go, and video games without prior knowledge of their rules. The software was designed to allow operators to restrict the AI's options. It was given final decision authority for the mission, with no pilot override.

## [Boring Company proposes massive Vegas expansion following monorail bankruptcy (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/12/15/22176596/elon-musk-boring-company-las-vegas-strip-tesla-tunnels/1/01000176706227f4-6b60db0e-fae1-4b07-a809-2252ad87da52-000000/LNuRsYhOLbAinxt1_rAOQOO9TlrV2rybWLGrdabs5XE=172)

A non-compete agreement that previously kept The Boring Company from digging tunnels in areas served by the Las Vegas Monorail was recently voided. The Boring Company has proposed a 10-mile sub-surface loop to serve the Las Vegas Strip as well as McCarran International Airport. An additional loop has been proposed to connect all the properties owned by Caesars Entertainment. The proposed system will make it possible to go from the Las Vegas Convention Center to Mandalay Bay in just three minutes, compared to the usual 30 minutes during peak traffic hours.

