+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "quantum", "robot", "available"]
date = 2021-11-08T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-08 - topics: quantum, robot, available, article., musk, tesla"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "quantum", "robot", "available", "article.", "musk", "tesla", "sell", "create", "used", "spectrum"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-08"
type = "post"

+++

## [Cruise lays out its plan for ‘how’ it will make robotaxis a reality (7 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/05/cruise-lays-out-its-plan-for-how-it-will-make-robotaxis-a-reality/)

GM's self-driving subsidiary Cruise recently presented a roadmap for how the company will build autonomous vehicles that will be safer and more scalable than any human-driven vehicle. The company's plan includes technology for generating large-scale maps of cities, software that transforms real events into editable simulations, a system called Morpheus that can generate simulations based on specific locations, custom silicon chips developed in-house, and more. More details about the technology are available in the article.

## [Elon Musk holds Twitter vote over $21bn Tesla share sale (2 minute read)](https://www.bbc.com/news/business-59182278)

Elon Musk has asked his Twitter followers to vote on whether he should sell 10% of his Tesla shares. The poll is a response to a proposed billionaires tax, which may see billionaires paying taxes on unrealized gains even if they do not sell any stock. Critics of the law argue that the value of assets does not always go up. Musk does not receive a cash salary or any bonuses, so the only way for him to pay tax is to sell stock. He has an option that expires in August next year to buy 22.86 million Tesla shares at $6.24 each.

## [Hate Needles? This Robot Delivers Vaccines Without Them (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/hate-needles-this-robot-delivers-vaccines-without-them)

Cobi is a versatile robotics platform that can create completely automated robots. The company recently revealed a version of the robot that can deliver injections using a high-pressure fluid jet to demonstrate the technology. Cobi can be programmed for use in the cleantech and hospitality industries. It will still be a few years before the robot will be ready to go to market. A video showing a person receiving an injection from the robot is available in the article.

## [A New Quantum Computing Method Is 2,500 Percent More Efficient (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/a-new-quantum-computing-method-is-2500-percent-more-efficient)

Q-CTRL has discovered a way to reduce computational errors in quantum systems. The new method increases the likelihood of quantum algorithms succeeding by 2,500%. It uses specialized software to alter quantum logic gates. It can be used on any quantum system, so we could see more breakthroughs in the industry soon.

## [React Spectrum Libraries (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/adobe/react-spectrum)

React Spectrum is a collection of libraries and tools for building adaptive, accessible, and robust user experiences. It has accessible features and support for over 30 languages. React Spectrum has components that are customizable and designed to work with keyboard, mouse, and touch interactions.

## [Microdiff (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/AsyncBanana/microdiff)

Microdiff is a zero-dependency object and array comparison library. It is fast, extremely lightweight, and easy to use. Microdiff features support for Deno, Node, the web, service workers, TypeScript, and more.

## [Crypto Cities (17 minute read)](https://vitalik.ca/general/2021/10/31/cities.html)

There has been a growth of interest from local governments in engaging with tech and crypto communities over the last year as crypto becomes more mainstream. Some cities are trying to create coins, NFTs, and DAOs. The blockchain could make some existing processes, such as registries, lotteries, and voting, more trusted and transparent. This article looks at city crypto projects and explores how the blockchain can be used for different forms of governance.

## [AMP Has Irreparably Damaged Publishers' Trust in Google-led Initiatives (8 minute read)](https://wptavern.com/amp-has-irreparably-damaged-publishers-trust-in-google-led-initiatives)

FLoC is a controversial initiative by Google to create a privacy sandbox for users so that ads can be targeted without the surveillance business model currently used today. Many major tech organizations and privacy advocates are skeptical of the project due to AMP, an older initiative by Google that resulted in an antitrust lawsuit that is still ongoing. Google throttled the load time of non-AMP ads and didn't rank non-AMP sites, resulting in losses for many publishers. More details about the case are available in the article.

