+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "feed", "magnetic", "engine"]
date = 2020-12-02T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-12-02 - topics: feed, magnetic, engine"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "feed", "magnetic", "engine", "rings", "product", "macos"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-12-02"
type = "post"

+++

## [Google Maps takes on Facebook with launch of its own news feed (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2020/12/01/google-maps-takes-on-facebook-with-its-own-news-feed//1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/wvNpkx2oRggkSqzpWFWSjKuMnVlRH1kHlV1FIDp25Ng=169)

Google Maps has introduced its own news feed feature. The Community Feed can be found in the Explore tab of the app. It is designed to show the most recent news, updates, and recommendations from trusted local sources. Business owners can post deals, menu updates, and other offers onto the feed using Google My Business. The centralized feed will give businesses increased exposure when they update their information. Users can 'like' posts and follow businesses, but they cannot comment on items in the feed. The feed shows posts based on where you are looking on the map.

## [Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the latest tech company to leave Silicon Valley, and is moving to Houston (2 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/01/hpe-is-relocating-headquarters-to-houston-from-california.html/1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/NsV5nUx8n7DnESvoT9WdKsBrUEavWQhoMN2ru3ysDKQ=169)

Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) is moving its headquarters from San Jose, California, to Houston, Texas. The company has said no layoffs will occur with the move. It will keep the San Jose campus and consolidate some of its Bay Area sites there. HPE reported $7.21 billion in revenue for the fourth quarter. Many tech companies are questioning the high cost of living in Silicon Valley as employees shift to remote work. Hewlett Packard was one of Silicon Valley's original success stories.

## [Chinese team test jet engine ‘able to reach anywhere on Earth within 2 hours’ (5 minute read)](https://www.scmp.com/news/china/science/article/3111985/chinese-team-test-jet-engine-able-reach-anywhere-earth-within-2/1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/H5hk8JYNTMc-4mwYrI2O-0zBsPaQmy3pTYko2rOpLns=169)

Chinese scientists have built a revolutionary plane engine for Mach 16 flight, enabling aircraft to reach anywhere in the world within two hours. A prototype of the engine was tested in a hypersonic wind tunnel in Beijing and the results suggested unprecedented performance in terms of thrust, fuel efficiency, and operational stability. Planes equipped with the engine can take off horizontally before accelerating into orbit around the Earth. The engine has a relatively simple design, consisting of a single-stage air inlet, a hydrogen fuel injector, and a combustion chamber. Existing hypersonic flight engines are too weak, fuel-hungry, and unstable for commercial flight. The new design offers the best hope so far in taking commercial flight to hypersonic speeds.

## [Trippy 'Vortex Rings' Inside Magnetic Material Seen for First Time, Says Study (4 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/trippy-vortex-rings-inside-magnetic-material-seen-for-first-time-says-study/1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/4x-j4FbevwqntiUgY2zn0RswHiQvrFBY25nIXs8T6hE=169)

Scientists recently found vortex rings for the first time in a magnetic material. Rings usually form when fluid flows back onto itself after flowing through a constricted space. The study confirms a decades-long prediction, and it could help scientists confirm even more complex theoretical magnetic structures. Unlike rings in fluid, which are constantly in motion and last for a short time, the magnetic ring vortices held still in a static state, vanishing only when the material was heated and exposed to strong magnetic fields. Understanding magnetic vortex rings could lead to the next generation of data storage solutions, neuromorphic engineering, and many other technologies.

## [Element Plus (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/element-plus/element-plus/1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/Pe3XCc5OAZh-zys2HASluY0MrhRIgPSTOwSHjAMghps=169)

Element Plus is a Vue.js 3.0 based UI component library for developers, designers, and product managers. It was designed with consistency, feedback, efficiency, and controllability in mind. Examples and demos are available on the main website.

## [Amazon Web Services adds macOS on bare metal to EC2 (2 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2020/12/amazon-web-services-adds-macos-on-bare-metal-to-ec2//1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/GdnOemF9JxqaleZ35D0JNsU3U3fv60ovwtNVRC-KSBc=169)

Amazon Web Services has partnered with Apple to bring macOS to the cloud. mac1.metal instances are Intel-based Mac mini systems, each with a Core i7-8700B 6c/12t CPU, 32GB RAM, and 10Gbps network interface. The instances rely on Elastic Block Storage rather than local storage. mac1.metal systems can be spun up and down almost as rapidly as virtual systems. Every instance is provisioned with an SSH keypair and the default image includes all of the normal desktop-oriented macOS components, such as VNC. Customers can build and deploy their own custom MacOS images using AMI.

## [Amazon Copycat is Stealing My Product, Images, Branding & More (3 minute read)](https://travelhead.medium.com/how-amazon-is-allowing-a-chinese-copycat-to-steal-my-product-images-branding-more-844f48e5ff74/1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/9syT0YhgQkUXakBj-DRS2JYn-DEiDGkThtD9pMYdpLw=169)

BeltBro is a product that uses two belt loops to hold up pants and shorts. It took two years to develop the branding and marketing for the product and the website for it was launched in February, during one of the toughest times to start a small business. Over 50,000 customers purchased products through the website. BeltBro started selling its product on Amazon FBA, and a Chinese company cloned the entire listing. The scammers even bought fake reviews to boost their listing and lowered their prices well below the price for the original product. Despite being in Amazon's special 'Brand Registry' program, BeltBro received no support from the company.

## [Drug reverses age-related cognitive decline within days (7 minute read)](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-12-drug-reverses-age-related-cognitive-decline.html/1/010001762323eb4b-3177f2f9-8f69-4aae-be1d-4f28e24f27cf-000000/Ioe9sRWUlngwTV3WccL91s-KzZS3SCxlxFzkk-5DtIM=169)

An experimental drug called ISRIB has been shown in laboratory studies to reverse age-related declines in memory and mental flexibility in mice. The drug has already demonstrated a variety of cognitive benefits, and the new study adds to the research by showing rapid restoration of youthful cognitive abilities in aged mice. ISRIB has extremely rapid effects, working in just days. The speed of the drug's effects suggest that age-related cognitive losses may be caused by a reversible blockage rather than permanent degradation.

