+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "git", "story", "ipad"]
date = 2021-03-19T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-03-19 - topics: git, story, ipad"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "git", "story", "ipad", "faces", "device", "event"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-03-19"
type = "post"

+++

## [Facebook's upcoming AR wrist controllers will hijack your nerves (6 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/vr/facebook-wrist-ar-control-neuromotor/)

Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) has unveiled a wrist-mounted controller that reads neural impulses as they travel down the arm, translating them into commands. The device doesn't require strong neural impulses and the mere intention of movement is enough for the wristband to pick up a signal. There are more neurons dedicated to controlling the wrist and hands than any other part of the body and it is a convenient place to put a device for all-day use. FRL's device can pick up millimeter-level movements in a single finger. Video demonstrations are available in the article.

## [Apple's new iPad Pro leaks ahead of rumored event (2 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/apples-new-ipad-pro-leaks-ahead-of-rumored-event/)

Apple will release new iPad Pros in April with M1 chips, better cameras, and better screens. An iPad mini with a bigger screen is also on the way. Apple will hold an event on March 23 where it will likely announce the long-rumored AirTags, the AirPods 3, and the iPad Pro updates.

## [This AI Uses Your Brain Activity to Create Fake Faces It Knows You’ll Find Attractive (3 minute read)](https://singularityhub.com/2021/03/18/this-ai-uses-your-brain-activity-to-create-fake-faces-it-knows-youll-find-attractive/)

A new AI developed by a team from the University of Helsinki and Copenhagen University can generate images of fake faces that an individual finds attractive by learning that person's preferences. The AI was trained by monitoring the person's brain activity as they viewed a series of AI-generated faces. Faces generated by the system were rated as attractive 87 percent of the time. The remaining 13 percent of the times the faces were 'too perfect' or there was something odd with the AI-generated image.

## [Self-folding nanotech creates world’s smallest origami bird (5 minute read)](https://news.cornell.edu/stories/2021/03/self-folding-nanotech-creates-worlds-smallest-origami-bird)

Researchers from Cornell University have created micron-sized memory actuators that enable thin materials to fold themselves into 3D configurations with a jolt of voltage. The materials hold their shape even after the voltage is removed. The machines can fold materials 30 atoms thick within 100 milliseconds, and the process can be repeated thousands of times. This technology could have many future medical applications. The team demonstrated its abilities by creating a self-folding origami bird only 60 microns wide.

## [Outrun (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/Overv/outrun)

Outrun lets you execute local commands using the processing power of another Linux machine. The commands don't need to be installed on the other machine, and local files and paths can be referenced normally. It can be used to run software on many different machines simultaneously. A detailed explanation of how it works is available in the repository.

## [Introduction to Git In 16 Minutes (9 minute read)](https://vickyikechukwu.hashnode.dev/introduction-to-git-in-16-minutes)

Git is a system that allows developers to track changes to project files over time. It allows developers to record project changes and go back to specific versions of files at any given point. Git can be used to collaborate on team projects. Knowing how to use Git is one of the most important skills for any developer. This article provides a basic introduction on how to use Git and resources for further learning.

## [Fortnite’s experimental story is an attempt to create ‘the entertainment experience of the future’ (7 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/22338403/fortnite-story-narrative-interview-donald-mustard-epic-games)

Fortnite has been trying to tell a story since it launched its battle royale mode in 2017. The story is a key element of the experience as Epic aims to create truly mass-scale broad-based entertainment. A story is critical in gaining emotional attachment to an entertainment experience. Fortnite uses big events to tell its stories. Each event leaves a permanent impression in the world and allows the developers to add more lore. Epic is sensitive to feedback and has changed the story before. Fortnite will continue to experiment with different ways to tell its story.

## [GameStop Redditors Invest in Gorilla Conservation (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/gamestop-redditors-invest-in-gorilla-conservation)

Redditors from the subreddit WallStreetBets have banded together under the slogan 'Apes Together Strong' and donated over $350,000 to foundations that focus on ape conservation in under a week. The Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund, one of the foundations on the receiving end of these donations, will use the funds for its field programs, where they track, monitor, and study gorillas in their natural habitats. Members of the WallStreetBets subreddit previously garnered attention for causing the price of GameStop stock to skyrocket in January.

