+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "redis", "app", "apps"]
date = 2021-11-25T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-25 - topics: redis, app, apps, fashion, windows, exploit"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "redis", "app", "apps", "fashion", "windows", "exploit", "vertical", "video", "feed"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-11-25"
type = "post"

+++

## [Spotify tests a TikTok-like vertical video feed in its app (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/24/spotify-tests-a-tiktok-like-vertical-video-feed-in-its-app/)

Spotify is currently testing a new vertical video feed feature called Discover. Discover's interface is similar to TikTok's, with a vertical feed of music videos that users can scroll through. Users can tap a heart to like songs, and a menu is available for bringing up song information. The feature appears to use artists' Canvas videos. A video showing the new feature is available in the article.

## [China suspends Tencent from updating existing apps or launching new apps (3 minute read)](https://www.scmp.com/tech/big-tech/article/3157237/china-suspends-tencent-updating-existing-apps-or-launching-new-apps)

Tencent Holdings will not be able to update existing apps or launch any new apps as part of a temporary administration guidance measure against the tech giant. China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has ordered app stores and platforms to implement the measure. Tencent is cooperating with authorities, but it is unknown how long the suspension will last. China has been ramping up its legislative efforts to regulate data in the country, introducing increasingly stringent laws and regulations concerning data sovereignty and content censorship.

## [Ultrashort laser pulses shred superbugs without harming human cells (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/medical/ultrashort-laser-pulses-superbugs/)

Researchers from Washington University in St. Louis have shown that ultrashort pulses of laser light can kill bacteria and viruses without harming human cells. While antibiotics have been one of the most important inventions of the 20th century, bacteria develop resistances to them, so it is important to find other methods for killing bacteria that they can't evolve resistance to. The lasers work by exciting protein structures inside viruses and bacteria, causing some of the molecular bonds to break and kill the microbe. The technology can be used to disinfect biological products in vitro, and it could be used in the future to treat bloodstream infections by putting patients on dialysis and passing the blood through a laser treatment device.

## [6,000-square-foot estate in Decentraland’s Fashion District will be developed to stage fashion shows (2 minute read)](https://therealdeal.com/2021/11/24/this-2-4m-virtual-land-deal-is-largest-ever-for-digital-real-estate/)

A virtual estate in Decentraland has sold for 618,000 MANA, about $2.4 million at the time. Tokens.com Corp. now owns around 6,090 square feet of virtual land in Decentraland’s Fashion District. It plans to use the estate for staging fashion shows with clothing brands. Decentraland is still largely undeveloped, but investor interest has grown as large companies stake claims in the metaverse. Many luxury brands have already entered the metaverse through designer NFTs.

## [lazygit (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazygit)

lazygit is a simple UI for git commands. While git may be a powerful tool, many of the things that make it powerful are hard to do. lazygit makes it easy to add files, resolve merge conflicts, check out recent branches, and much more. GIF examples are available.

## [Introducing the Redis OM Client Libraries (5 minute read)](https://redis.com/blog/introducing-redis-om-client-libraries/)

Redis has announced a preview release of Redis OM: Object Mapping. It will launch with support for .NET, Node.js, Python, and Java. Redis OM allows developers to get the performance of Redis even if they don't have time to compose their own abstractions using the core data structures Redis provides. It gives developers a toolbox of high-level abstractions that make it easy to work with Redis data.

## [New Windows zero-day with public exploit lets you become an admin (3 minute read)](https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/microsoft/new-windows-zero-day-with-public-exploit-lets-you-become-an-admin/)

A security researcher has publicly disclosed a new zero-day exploit that gives admin privileges in Windows 10, Windows 11, and Windows Server 2022. The researcher released the exploit publicly out of frustration over Microsoft's decreasing payouts in their bug bounty program. The payout for a zero-day exploit has dropped from $10,000 to $1,000. Microsoft will likely fix the vulnerability in a future Patch Tuesday update.

## [France asks search engines and app stores to remove Wish (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/24/france-asks-search-engines-and-app-stores-to-remove-wish/)

Several French ministers have asked the main search engines and mobile app stores operating in France to hide Wish's website and mobile app in the country. The e-commerce platform was found to sell counterfeit and unsafe products. If the tech companies comply, Wish will still be available for people who already have the app, but it will disappear from search results and app stores. If Wish implements the proper changes to comply with French regulation, then the administration may consider lifting the shadowban.

