+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "mice", "guide", "camera"]
date = 2020-09-09T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-09-09 - topics: mice, guide, camera"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "mice", "guide", "camera", "lg", "space", "gears"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-09-09"
type = "post"

+++

## [Samsung Is Developing A Transparent Smartphone (2 minute read)](https://www.androidheadlines.com/2020/09/samsung-developing-transparent-smartphone.html/1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/4sYEa7WKJcGmw_SQeVIzuxIHvVJgjF0uQI__8t9Pukk=157)

Samsung submitted a patent for a transparent smartphone in January. LG has patented a similar technology and Xiaomi recently released a see-through TV, so the technology already exists. These types of displays feature low power consumption, high brightness, and fast response times. An image gallery featuring an early design of the transparent smartphone is available in the article.

## [The LG Wing could have a surprisingly thin flip-around screen, as shown in new leaks (1 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/9/8/21427818/lg-wing-thin-flip-around-swivel-screen-leaks-video-image/1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/zn_UPDYRkUyXUfVzSIo4Gxkd-B_eR8YKTZeDGKtdCfg=157)

The LG Wing is a dual-screen device with a swiveling mechanism. Early images and videos show that the Wing has a triple-camera setup, will come in two colors, and will have 5G support. The rotating screen appears to be quite thin. LG will launch the device on September 14th. An 8-second video showing the device from different angles is available in the article.

## ['Mighty mice' stay musclebound in space, boon for astronauts (2 minute read)](https://phys.org/news/2020-09-mighty-mice-musclebound-space-boon.html/1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/VGJY4aGGvutr05NFpMBR6DDn54002aIMtCSV2JbX970=157)

40 mice have returned to Earth after a month-long stay at the International Space Station. Eight of the mice were genetically engineered to grow more muscle, and these mice were able to maintain their bulk after the trip. The 24 regular untreated mice lost considerable muscle and bone mass as expected. Eight of the normal mice received the 'mighty mouse' treatment while in space and these mice returned with dramatically bigger muscles. The findings could potentially lead to preventative treatments for muscle and bone loss in astronauts during prolonged space trips.

## [NASA’s New “Metallic Glass” Gears Can Withstand Impact, Freezing Temperatures During Lunar Missions (3 minute read)](https://scitechdaily.com/nasas-new-metallic-glass-gears-can-withstand-impact-freezing-temperatures-during-lunar-missions//1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/yUWXcDE7dkcGuNTX1PanwOsLY34uA93XtBq9HoVRJh0=157)

Solar systems are cold and exploration requires hardware that can withstand extreme environments. NASA's Bulk Metallic Glass Gears team is developing a material made out of metallic glass that can function in extremely cold environments without heating. Unheated gearboxes will reduce the overall power required for operations in cold environments. Currently, gears need to be heated before they can be used in space. The material has been through rigorous testing to ensure that it will not be damaged by the stressful events that occur during a mission. Gears made from this material could enable operations during the lunar night, on ocean worlds, and in other extremely cold and dark environments.

## [Awesome Falsehood (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/kdeldycke/awesome-falsehood/1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/XeAGExHTb88l85tFHHm2cSYETxuVUmrgAxqTUZC8xJI=157)

This repository contains a collection of resources on Falsehoods in development. Falsehood articles try to approach an unfamiliar domain by dispelling myths, pointing out common pitfalls, and showing inconsistencies and subtleties. Subjects covered include Arts, Education, Multimedia, Phone numbers, Software Engineering, Society, and more.

## [Ultimate Python study guide (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/huangsam/ultimate-python/1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/N6JQPwQcfy6ki7cvzQTANF_0UtzwfFV3mxrPeN4zhpw=157)

This study guide serves as a resource for Python newcomers and as a pure guide for those who want to revisit core Python concepts. It contains a collection of standalone modules with carefully crafted comments to guide the reader through programs step-by-step. The guide covers Syntax, Data Structures, Classes, and more. Links for other learning resources are available.

## [Tech firms face growing resentment toward parent employees during COVID-19 (10 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/tech-firms-face-growing-resentment-toward-parent-employees-during-covid-19//1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/ldlaO9eXJspPOwdLLh7biaBnHD6MYCDjwI8Zt3vxc_8=157)

Some employees who have to look after children while working from home are struggling to make it work. While companies are saying they'd support parents at home with their children, not all managers and co-workers agree. Employees are hiding their childcare issues as they are worried that colleagues won't understand, and many believe their career advancement has suffered because they have to juggle both work and kids at home. Non-parenting peers do not have as much flexibility in their work schedules and may feel like more is expected of them. As the pandemic continues, it is clear that things will not return to normal, so work cultures are forced to change.

## [The World’s Most Powerful Camera Took 3,200-Megapixel Photos (2 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/88937p/the-worlds-most-powerful-camera-took-3200-megapixel-photos/1/0100017472583739-e8a2fd8d-12b9-4347-a69a-563fecdbbabe-000000/KPkYT2Unb5tStjL4RPfiFJNw1BfYyNKH3K1dX_YVwXg=157)

The Legacy Survey of Space and Time Camera works by converting visible light reflected by objects into electrical signals, but at an enormous scale, with a high level of detail. It is designed to collect images of far-away galaxies. In tests to assess the functioning of the sensing array, the LSST Camera was able to produce images of 3,200 megapixels. The full LSST Camera will be deployed in 2021. Two of the photos taken by the LSST Camera during testing are available in the article.

