+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "storage", "clouds", "space"]
date = 2021-06-01T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-01 - topics: storage, clouds, space, photos, google, (2"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "storage", "clouds", "space", "photos", "google", "(2", "available", "hit", "internet", "standard"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-01"
type = "post"

+++

## [Google Photos' free unlimited storage ends tomorrow (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/google-photos-free-unlimited-storage-end-date-133058166.html)

From June 1, any photos uploaded to Google Photos will count towards the user's storage limit unless the photos come from a Pixel phone. Google One plans are available for additional storage space. Any photos uploaded before June 1 won't count towards the storage cap. 80 percent of users aren't expected to hit their storage caps for another three years. Google has created a tool that finds blurry snapshots, screenshots, and other items to make it easier to delete unwanted photos.

## [Google's speedier internet standard is now an actual standard (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/google-quic-becomes-official-internet-standard-170000970.html)

Google's Quick UDP Internet Connections (QUIC) is now an official Internet standard. It uses UDP (User Datagram Protocol) and provides faster encrypted connections and better handling of network switches. The technology is effectively a replacement for TCP (Transmission Control Protocol), which has been available since 1974. QUIC was introduced as an experimental Chrome add-on in 2013. Google applied for standard consideration in 2016.

## [NASA’s Curiosity rover has captured amazing images of clouds on Mars (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/5/29/22460017/nasa-curiosity-rover-captured-images-clouds-on-mars)

NASA's Curiosity rover has captured images of clouds on Mars. Clouds are rare in the thin atmosphere of the planet. They usually form at the planet's equator during its coldest months. Some clouds hover about 37 miles above the planet's surface and are made out of water ice, while other higher-altitude clouds are likely made of carbon dioxide. The images are available in the article.

## [Talking to Animals: Using AI to Decode the Language of Whales (8 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/talking-to-animals-with-ai-decoding-whale-language)

Project CETI (Cetacean Translation Initiative) is a scientific endeavor with the goal of using machine learning to better understand sperm whale language. Sperm whales communicate through a series of intensely loud clicks called codas. The clicks can reach up to 230 decibels, allowing them to communicate with each other over hundreds of miles. Sperm whales have brains six times the size of human brains and they contain cells responsible for empathy, social organization, and speech. CETI plans to collect as much data as possible to see if AI can process the codas into something we can understand.

## [Ask HN : Negotiating Salary (Hacker News Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27332305&utm_source=tldrnewsletter/1/01000179c70b723e-b70c5d0a-039a-4487-9394-5babf5642500-000000/OE3N6z97I430ziQcnn1aCE2r2dzyvmqUa_FsaoI4qdI=195)

In this thread, the original poster is in a situation where they had just proposed a salary to a potential employer and is now waiting for a counteroffer. While the OP will accept the offer, they want to know how to make sure they aren't missing out on getting the best deal out of the negotiation. The thread is full of negotiating tips as well as some insights from the hiring side.

## [CSS :is (1 minute read)](https://davidwalsh.name/css-is)

CSS :is is a method for avoiding duplication within CSS selector structures. It can change mindless CSS repetitions into readable, compact, and easily maintainable code. An example is provided in the article.

## [China establishes company to build satellite broadband megaconstellation (3 minute read)](https://spacenews.com/china-establishes-company-to-build-satellite-broadband-megaconstellation/)

The China Satellite Network Group Co. Ltd. is a new company created by the Chinese government dedicated to creating and operating a 13,000-satellite broadband constellation. The company will exist independently from and parallel to China's main space contractors. Other state-owned enterprises and commercial sector space companies could be involved in the project. The project will contribute to economic development while enabling domestic connectivity needs. It is unknown when construction of the constellation will be complete.

## [Space Debris Has Hit And Damaged The International Space Station (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/space-debris-has-damaged-the-international-space-station)

A piece of space debris too small to be tracked has hit the Canadarm2 robotic arm on the International Space Station. The arm is still operational but a small section of the arm boom and thermal blanket has been damaged. Canadarm2 has been on the station for 20 years, assisting with maneuvering objects outside the ISS. The damage was noticed during a routine inspection. It  is unknown when the damage occurred. The event is still being analyzed to understand how it occurred and to assess future risk.

