+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "display", "liquid", "light"]
date = 2021-09-15T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-09-15 - topics: display, liquid, light"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "display", "liquid", "light", "apple", "amazon", "smart"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-09-15"
type = "post"

+++

## [Here’s everything Apple announced at its iPhone 13 event (3 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/apple-iphone-13-event-supercut-201538409.html)

Apple has unveiled its latest line of hardware releases at its California Streaming event. The iPhone 13 Pro and Pro Max will feature a more capable camera system and a new Cinematic mode, as well as ProMotion display technology, a feature that allows the phones to adjust their display refresh rates up to 120Hz. The iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini will have A15 Bionic chips, bigger batteries, and a redesigned TrueDepth camera array. All phones will go on sale on September 24. Apple also announced a more durable Apple Watch, an iPad mini with USB-C and second-generation Apple Pencil support, a new iPad with upgraded cameras, and software updates.

## [Amazon One’s palm-scanning tech makes first move into entertainment venues (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/14/22673238/amazon-one-palm-scanning-tech-entertainment-venue-red-rock-amphitheatre)

Amazon One is launching at Colorado's Red Rocks Amphitheater as part of a partnership with ticketing firm AXS. It is the first time the palm reading technology has been deployed outside of Amazon and Whole Food stores. More AXS ticketed venues are expected to have the technology soon. Amazon is trying to make the technology more convenient than regular contactless cards and QR codes, but numerous privacy experts have expressed skepticism towards the technology as it gives Amazon more insight into customers' shopping habits and hobbies. Amazon is trying to encourage sign-ups by offering $10 for a palm print.

## [Now Xiaomi's got smart glasses too, and they have a built-in display (2 minute read)](https://mashable.com/article/xiaomi-smart-glasses)

Xiaomi has launched a pair of smart glasses. The Xiaomi Smart Glasses weigh 51 grams and feature a MicroLED display built into the right lenses, a 5-megapixel camera, a quad-core ARM processor, a battery, a touchpad on the frame, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. The display is monochrome and can show things like a clock, texts, and navigation instructions. Users will not need a smartphone to use the Smart Glasses. Pricing and availability will be released soon.

## [Scientists Bemused to Find Liquid Light at Room Temperature (5 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/finding-liquid-light-at-room-temperature)

Liquid light is a superfluid that follows the rules of quantum physics rather than classical physics. Researchers were able to create liquid light at room temperature under ambient conditions in 2017. Liquid light at room temperature could lead to developments in the field of electronics, healthcare, data science, and many other domains. It may be possible to store liquid light and save it for later use. More information on how liquid light is made, along with videos explaining the concept, are available in the article.

## [asm (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/segmentio/asm)

asm is a package that provides algorithms optimized to leverage the characteristics of modern CPUs. Programs that fail to leverage the full sets of instructions available from cloud providers are paying for features they do not use. The library may be useful for developers using Go in performance-sensitive software.

## [Milkdown (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/Saul-Mirone/milkdown)

Milkdown is a markdown editor. It is themeable and hackable and it supports math equations, tables, collaboration, emojis, and more. A live demo is available.

## [LG's 325-inch Direct View LED TV is an answer to Samsung's The Wall (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/lg-direct-view-led-tv-130035158.html)

LG has announced a Direct View LED Extreme Home Cinema line for super-luxury homes. The display size can range from 81 inches to 325 inches at a 16:9 ratio. An Ultrastretch option to reach a 32:9 ratio is available if the customer wants to watch multiple video sources at the same time. The 8K version uses 33 million diodes, but 4K and 2K versions are still available. It will have smart TV functions provided by a WebOS controller box. The home sets are only available by custom order and there are no listed prices.

