+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "pro", "galaxy", "hotel"]
date = 2022-02-28T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2022-02-28 - topics: pro, galaxy, hotel, musk, service, book"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "pro", "galaxy", "hotel", "musk", "service", "book", "shapes", "available", "article.", "2"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2022-02-28"
type = "post"

+++

## [Elon Musk activates Starlink satellite service in Ukraine after Vice PM calls upon him (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/elon-musk-starlink-satellite-ukraine)

Elon Musk activated Starlink's satellite internet service in Ukraine after Mykhailo Fedorov, the Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine, tweeted at Musk asking for help. Musk replied 10 hours after the plea for help stating that the service was now active and that more terminals were en route. Starlink now has more than 1,500 satellites in operation providing service around the globe. The original tweet from Fedorov and Musk's response is available in the article.

## [Samsung updates its Galaxy Book Pro line with 1080p webcams (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/27/22950976/samsung-galaxy-book2-pro-360-price-features-ports-specs-intel-evo)

Samsung has announced the Galaxy Book 2 Pro, Galaxy Book 2 Pro 360, and Galaxy Book 2 360. The Pro models will come in 13.3-inch and 15.6-inch sizes, starting at $1,049.99 for the Pro and $1,249.99 for the Pro 360. The Pro 360 will be a 2-in-1 convertible with a touchscreen and S Pen support. Samsung's Galaxy Tab S8 can be used as a secondary screen alongside the new laptops. The devices will start shipping on April 1. Many more details and photos of the devices are available in the article.

## [MuZero’s first step from research into the real world (4 minute read)](https://deepmind.com/blog/article/MuZeros-first-step-from-research-into-the-real-world)

MuZero is one of the successors of AlphaGo, the first artificial intelligence program to defeat humans in the game of Go. It was created to be a general-purpose algorithm and it has mastered several games without needing to be told the rules. DeepMind scientists collaborated with YouTube to explore MuZero's potential to improve video compression. The study found that MuZero was able to demonstrate an average of 4% bitrate reduction without quality degradation across a large and diverse set of videos.

## [Scientists discover complex bacteria bigger than a fruit fly (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/complex-bacteria-bigger-than-fruit-fly)

A bacterium that can grow up to 0.78 inches long has been discovered by scientists. The string-shaped organism is single-celled and can be categorized somewhere between a prokaryote and a eukaryote. It carries its genetic material inside a membranous pouch, making it different from most other bacteria. Genetic analysis revealed that the bacteria likely belongs to the genus Thiomargarita. A picture of a specimen taken with a scanning electron microscope is available in the article.

## [OrioleDB (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/orioledb/orioledb)

OrioleDB is a storage engine for PostgreSQL designed for modern hardware. It builds on the table access method framework and other standard PostgreSQL extension interfaces. OrioleDB is currently in public alpha status.

## [React Awesome Shapes (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/ashutosh1919/react-awesome-shapes)

React Awesome Shapes allows developers to easily insert shapes into their sites. It currently contains six responsive and customizable shapes. The shapes can be imported and used in any web framework that uses NPM.

## [A look aboard Disney’s $6,000 per stay, immersive Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser hotel (14 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/22949905/star-wars-galactic-starcruiser-hotel-interactive-disney-world-photos-price)

Disney's Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser hotel is an interactive hotel experience that immerses guests in a fictional world where they can participate in stories from the Star Wars universe. The hotel offers packages starting from $4,809 for a two-day trip. This article provides a first-hand experience of the hotel from a curated media preview. It includes many photos from the event showing the different parts of the hotel.

## [Nvidia's internal systems have been compromised by cyberattack (1 minute read)](https://www.protocol.com/bulletins/nvidia-cyberattack)

Hackers have compromised Nvidia's email systems and developer tools. The company is still investigating the extent of the attack. It has not yet been determined if any data was stolen. Nvidia's business and commercial activities will continue uninterrupted.

