+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "network", "android", "trees"]
date = 2021-06-25T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-25 - topics: network, android, trees"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "network", "android", "trees", "apps", "windows", "next"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-06-25"
type = "post"

+++

## [Microsoft is bringing Android apps to Windows 11 with Amazon’s Appstore (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/24/22548428/microsoft-windows-11-android-apps-support-amazon-store?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4)

Windows 11 will be able to run Android apps natively. Users will be able to download apps from Amazon's Appstore via the new Windows store. Microsoft will be using Intel Bridge technology to bring Android apps to Windows, but it will still work with AMD and Arm-based systems. A seven-minute video covering new features from the Windows 11 event is available in the article.

## [Tesla confirms plan to open Supercharger network to other automakers next year (3 minute read)](https://electrek.co/2021/06/24/tesla-confirms-plan-open-supercharger-network-other-automakers-next-year/)

Tesla will open up its Supercharger network to other automakers by September 2022. The network is the most extensive electric vehicle fast-charging network in the world. It has over 25,000 Superchargers at over 2,700 stations globally. The decision to share the network will depend on how costs will be divided. Tesla uses a proprietary plug on its vehicles and charging stations in North America. It will be easier to open up its network in Europe, where there is a standard connector for the region.

## [Genetically Engineered 'Supertrees' Capture More Carbon (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/genetically-engineered-supertrees-capture-more-carbon)

Living Carbon is a San Francisco-based startup that is genetically engineering trees to capture and store more carbon. Its goal is to combat the effects of climate change without needing to take up land that could otherwise be used for agriculture. Fewer trees would need to be planted if they were able to absorb and retain more carbon. There are still many factors to consider before the trees become a reality, such as the environmental impact the trees will have and whether the modifications make the trees more vulnerable to disease.

## [Ethereal Tower with 99 Floating Islands Designed For Shenzhen, China (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/ethereal-tower-with-99-floating-islands-designed-for-shenzhen-china)

Sou Fujimoto Architects' submission for the New City Center Landmark competition is a massive floating tower designed for the bay of Shenzhen's Qianhaiwan district. The proposed tower is made up of a collection of towers joined together and stands at 880-feet tall. It will be mostly made of steel, carbon fiber, Kevlar Rope, and concrete. The core will be kept together using outlying tension cables made to resemble water flowing down to the bay. Pictures of the design are available in the article.

## [AuthZ: Carta’s highly scalable permissions system (13 minute read)](https://medium.com/building-carta/authz-cartas-highly-scalable-permissions-system-782a7f2c840f)

This article talks about how Carta developed AuthZ, its authorization system based on Google Zanzibar. Carta was growing and it needed an authorization system that was scalable, fast, and generic enough for any new product needs. Zanzibar is used to service millions of authorization requests per second at Google for several high-traffic products including YouTube and Drive. It isn't open-source, so the Carta team had to build its own custom system.

## [Introduction to Machine Learning Interviews (Book)](https://github.com/chiphuyen/ml-interviews-book)

This book contains the collective wisdom of many people who have interviewed, or been interviewed, for a machine learning position. It consists of two parts. The first part is an overview of the machine-learning interview process and the role itself, and the second part consists of over 200 knowledge questions that cover important concepts and common misconceptions in machine learning.

## [Google and India’s Jio Platforms announce budget Android smartphone JioPhone Next (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/06/24/google-and-jio-platforms-announce-worlds-cheapest-smartphone-jiophone-next/)

The JioPhone Next is a new affordable Android smartphone from one of India's telecom providers and Google. Jio Platforms received $20 billion in funding from Google, Facebook, and others last year to work on the low-cost smartphone. The phone is aimed at the roughly 300 million users in India who are still on 2G devices. Jio Platforms plans to launch it in September. The JioPhone Next will eventually be released outside of the country. A picture of the phone is available in the article.

## [Reddit is selling NFTs, and somehow they're already worth thousands (3 minute read)](https://mashable.com/article/-reddit-sells-nft-cryptosnoos)

Reddit is selling non-fungible tokens (NFTs) in the form of cartoon avatars modeled after the Reddit logo. Bidding on the three CryptoSnoos is already in the thousands of dollars. The NFTs were minted on June 17 and they will be listed for auction on the OpenSea platform until the end of the month. Reddit will be releasing more CryptoSnoos with differing levels of rarity in the future. Ownership of a CryptoSnoo does not grant commercial rights to the artwork. Reddit can terminate the Licensed Rights of the owner if the owner disparages or initiates legal action against Reddit.

