+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "billion", "12", "mac"]
date = 2021-02-09T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-02-09 - topics: billion, 12, mac, plans, bitcoin, first"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "billion", "12", "mac", "plans", "bitcoin", "first", "android", "developer", "covid-19"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-02-09"
type = "post"

+++

## [Tesla buys $1.5 billion in bitcoin, plans to accept it as payment (2 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/02/08/tesla-buys-1point5-billion-in-bitcoin.html)

Tesla announced that it bought $1.5 billion worth of bitcoin in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday. The company plans to start accepting payments in bitcoin in exchange for its products, making it the first automaker to do so. Tesla had more than $19 billion in cash and cash equivalents at the end of 2020, making the purchase a significant percentage of its cash. The move raises questions around Elon Musk's recent behavior on Twitter, where he has been posting positive messages about bitcoin and dogecoin.

## [Android 12 design mockup leak reveals radical visual overhaul, first features (1 minute read)](https://9to5google.com/2021/02/08/android-12-design-leak/)

The first Android 12 Developer Preview is expected to roll out this month. Images of the Android 12 design mock-ups have leaked, showing a radical visual overhaul of the operating system. Android 12 has a new in-depth theming system and 'Conversation' widgets. The theming extends to app icons.  There are new privacy features that will alert users when the microphone or camera is active. The leaked images are available in the article.

## [Israeli hospital says it may have found Covid-19 cure as all treated patients make full recovery (2 minute read)](https://www.cityam.com/israeli-hospital-says-it-may-have-found-covid-19-cure-as-all-treated-patients-make-full-recovery/)

Researchers from Israel have reported that seriously ill Covid-19 patients treated with a relatively unknown cancer drug made full recoveries within five days of treatment. Out of 30 patients treated, 29 showed significant improvement within two days. EXO-CD24 was developed as a cure for certain types of cancer. It fights the cytokine storm that is believed to be responsible for many Covid-19 related deaths.

## [MIT is building a ‘one-stop-shop’ for 3D-printing robots (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/02/08/mit-is-building-a-one-stop-shop-for-3d-printing-robots/)

MIT's CSAIL department recently showcased a new project for developing robotics, drones, and other machines in a 'one-stop-shop'. LaserFactory is a system consisting of a software kit and a hardware platform that can create structures and assemble circuitry. It is still in its very early stages of development. A 2-minute video showing LaserFactory in action is available in the article.

## [Change your MAC address with a shell script (5 minute read)](https://josh.works/shell-script-basics-change-mac-address)

When you spoof your MAC address, previous access points that you have connected to will think that you are on a new and unique device. This article shows how to change a MAC address on macOS, and wraps up the steps into a shell script. A link to an article with the steps for changing MAC address on Windows is available.

## [Gridsort (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/scandum/gridsort)

Gridsort sorts data by storing it in a simplified binary cube, which offers excellent cache utilization. It is a simplified implementation of cubesort. Benchmarks and visualizations are available.

## [China to build the world’s biggest dam on sacred Tibetan river (6 minute read)](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2021/2/8/china-to-build-the-worlds-biggest-dam-on-sacred-tibetan-river)

China plans to build a hydroelectric dam on the Yarlung Tsangpo as part of its plan to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. The Yarlung Tsangpo is the world's highest river, providing drinking water to an estimated 1.8 billion people in multiple countries. Its height makes it ideal for collecting hydroelectric power. The project will likely have many political and environmental consequences. China says it will continue to maintain communication with India and Bangladesh through existing channels. The lack of cooperation for operating dams has directly contributed to the collapse of the ecosystem and destruction of communities in the region.

## [EA takes a big step into mobile with acquisition of Kim Kardashian: Hollywood developer Glu (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/2/8/22273187/ea-glu-mobile-acquisition-kim-kardashian-hollywood)

EA has acquired Glu Mobile, a developer best known for its celebrity-focused titles. The deal values Glu at $2.1 billion. Mobile is still growing as the biggest gaming platform in the world. EA currently has more than 100 million active monthly players, and it is expecting to double this with the addition of Glu's portfolio.

