+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "management", "(3", "digitally"]
date = 2021-04-02T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-04-02 - topics: management, (3, digitally, use, battery, starship"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "management", "(3", "digitally", "use", "battery", "starship", "towers", "single", "people", "moving"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-04-02"
type = "post"

+++

## [Apple will use Tesla’s ‘megapack’ batteries at its California solar farm (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/31/22360839/apple-tesla-megapack-energy-storage-grid-solar-batteries)

Apple will use Tesla battery packs at its big battery storage project in Northern California. The setup will consist of 85 Tesla lithium-ion megapacks, which will store up to 240 megawatt-hours of energy. They will allow Apple to store energy generated by its 130-megawatt solar array. The battery system could power more than 7,000 homes for a whole day.

## [SpaceX's Giant Starship Booster Tower Is Rising in Texas (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/spacex-starship-booster-tower-rising-in-texas)

SpaceX is building two skyscraper-high Starship launch towers in southern Texas. The towers will one day catch Super Heavy boosters from the sky. SpaceX plans to launch its first Super Heavy and Starship as early as July of this year. New aerial photos of the towers being built are available in the article.

## [A Single Shot Restored Vision to a Blind Child for an Entire Year (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/single-shot-restored-vision-blind-child-entire-year)

Leber congenital amaurosis (LCA) is an eye disorder that affects the retina, causing severe visual impairment from infancy. It has a genetic component, and the associated mutation has been identified. A team of scientists recently injected a short RNA molecule into a group of LCA patients' eyes, which reversed the effects of the mutation and improved their retinal function and perception in daylight. Some improvements in visual acuity remained for more than 15 months. The method is a major step towards developing ways to improve vision in people who are genetically predisposed to suffer from eye-related diseases.

## [Swiss robots use UV light to zap viruses aboard passenger planes (2 minute read)](https://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSKBN2BO4OX)

UVeya is conducting trials of UV-light-wielding robots on jets from Helvetic Airways, in a partnership with Dubai-based airport services company Dnata. UV light technology has been used for over 50 years to kill viruses and bacteria in hospitals and laboratories. It is efficient and it doesn't leave any trace or residue. A single robot can disinfect a single-aisle plane in 13 minutes.

## [If Management Isn’t A Promotion, Then Engineering Isn’t A Demotion (10 minute read)](https://charity.wtf/2020/09/06/if-management-isnt-a-promotion-then-engineering-isnt-a-demotion/)

Moving into management is usually seen as a promotion. It is deeply ingrained in our culture. There are many benefits to moving to management. However, management is a support role, so it's more like a change of career. Many people are attracted to management because they are frustrated with an aspect of the organization. Management roles tend to accrue power over time, so they need to push it back out to others for balance.

## [Simplenetes (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/simplenetes-io/simplenetes)

Simplenetes is a simplified version of Kubernetes that has fewer moving parts. It supports multiple replicas of pods, load-balancers, internal proxies, CI/CD pipelines, Letsencrypt certificates, health checks, and more.

## [Mathematicians Find a New Class of Digitally Delicate Primes (6 minute read)](https://www.quantamagazine.org/mathematicians-find-a-new-class-of-digitally-delicate-primes-20210330//1/01000178920fc7b1-ec9d3e85-c1db-4c4a-91db-caf4f301df4b-000000/sioI3AfsxJfOQzIIy39azKWyKJoE7xRe8dXIbbtUpp8=187)

Digitally delicate primes are prime numbers where you can change any single digit and the new number is composite. There are an infinite number of them in every number system. Widely digitally delicate numbers are prime numbers with an infinite string of leading zeros where if you changed one of those infinite zeros it would become composite. An arbitrarily long sequence of consecutive primes exists, each of which is widely digitally delicate.

## [Hackers are stealing videos from private security cameras and selling them as home video tapes (3 minute read)](https://www.scmp.com/news/people-culture/article/3127659/hackers-are-stealing-videos-private-security-cameras-and)

Chinese hackers are stealing videos from security cameras in private properties across the country and selling them online as 'home video packages'. Some people are installing cameras in homes, hotels, fitting rooms, and beauty salons to sell the footage. The videos are priced based on the content and are sold via social media. Real-time viewing options are also available. Those who are caught stealing data or spreading pornography in China face imprisonment.

