+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "star", "genki", "(3"]
date = 2021-08-05T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-08-05 - topics: star, genki, (3"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "star", "genki", "(3", "feature", "available", "store"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-08-05"
type = "post"

+++

## [TikTok confirms pilot test of TikTok Stories is now underway (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2021/08/04/tiktok-confirms-pilot-test-of-tiktok-stories-is-now-underway/)

TikTok is piloting a new feature called TikTok Stories. The feature works similar to how Stories work on other social media platforms, except that comments are public and users can see how many other people have viewed a story. Stories will disappear after 24 hours. The pilot has only been running for a few days in non-US markets. Screenshots of the feature are available in the article.

## [Apple launches big redesign of its online store (1 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/8/3/22608636/apple-online-store-redesign-2021-launch-cards)

The Apple Store went down for just over an hour on Tuesday and came back with a brand-new look. The new design is filled with cards, similar to Apple's Store app for iOS. There are no new products, and the pages for actually buying products are the same as before. Apple is expecting a busy fall, with a range of new products expected to launch soon. Screenshots of the redesigned Apple Store are available.

## [Concorde 2.0: NASA shares incredible video of 'quiet' supersonic jet with 925mph speeds (3 minute read)](https://www.express.co.uk/news/science/1471969/nasa-concorde-2-supersonic-jet-x59-quiet-sonic-boom-timelapse-video-scn)

NASA's X-59 Quiet SuperSonic Technology (QueSST) is an experimental supersonic jet designed to reach speeds of Mach 1.4 (925mph). It is slower than the Concorde, but its cutting-edge design allows it to emit a sonic boom about as loud as the sound of a car door closing. Lockheed Martin was awarded a $247.5 million contract to assemble the aircraft in 2018. A timelapse clip that shows the aircraft being assembled is available in the article.

## [Miami Launches 'MiamiCoin' to Make Millions and Fund the Police (3 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/v7eqa9/miami-launches-miamicoin-to-make-millions-and-fund-the-police)

Miami has launched its own cryptocurrency called MiamiCoin. Revenue from the coin will be diverted to the city treasury. Mining the coin is less energy-intensive and less difficult than mining Bitcoin or Ethereum. The Miami government will have its own wallet and a portion of the coins mined will end up in that wallet to be used to improve the city. Speculators can purchase the coin on exchanges, which will ideally raise the value of the coin. The project aims to incentivize stakeholders to participate in the city's success.

## [The Linux Kernel Module Programming Guide (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/sysprog21/lkmpg)

The Linux Kernel Module Programming Guide has been around since 2001. Most copies available on the web only describe old 2.6.x kernels. This repository keeps the guide up to date, with working examples for recent 5.x versions. A link to the book is available.

## [Evidently (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/evidentlyai/evidently?ref=producthunt)

Evidently generates interactive reports for analyzing machine learning models during validation or production monitoring. It can currently produce six types of reports. Screenshots and examples are available.

## [Watershed Moment (11 minute read)](https://hanahou.com/24.3/watershed-moment)

Genki balls are mud balls that contain a microbial solution that promotes vigorous plant growth. They have been used to transform areas of environmental blight into healthy soil and clean water in one hundred countries. The canals of Waikīkī have become muddy due to urbanization and pollution. The Genki Ala Wai Project is a collaboration between schools to throw Genki balls into the canals. Three months after it started, much of the sludge has disappeared in parts of the canal and water quality has remarkably improved. The Genki Ala Wai Project plans to expand and teach the public how to make Genki balls.

## [Disney’s Star Wars hotel is just like Westworld: only for the wealthy (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/8/4/22609764/disney-star-wars-hotel-galactic-starcruiser-pricing-2022-interactive-immersive)

Disney's Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser hotel will feature a two-day interactive Star Wars adventure including a Star Wars-themed room, Star Wars-themed food, and actors that will help on quests throughout the experience. Guests will be allowed to dress in Star Wars outfits during the experience, something that isn't usually allowed at Disney parks for adult guests. The two-night stay will start at $4,809 for an entry-level cabin. A 30-second teaser for the two-day adventure is available in the article.

