+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "likely", "navalny", "russian"]
date = 2020-12-22T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2020-12-22 - topics: likely, navalny, russian"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "likely", "navalny", "russian", "apple", "galaxy", "details"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2020-12-22"
type = "post"

+++

## [Exclusive: Apple targets car production by 2024 and eyes 'next level' battery technology (5 minute read)](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-apple-autos-exclusive-idUSKBN28V2PY/1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/IZ15k2WFk6HKcTsaZ6IqYrqvmrB5uGEMT_O9NTWLvcA=172)

Apple's Project Titan is moving forward with its self-driving car technology. The iPhone maker plans to release a passenger vehicle by 2024. Apple has designed a new battery that could reduce the cost of batteries and increase its vehicles' range. The automotive industry is expensive to enter, and it is unclear whether Apple plans to make its own branded vehicles or partner with an established automaker.

## [Samsung’s leaked Galaxy Chromebook 2 is oranger than ever (1 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2020/12/21/22194081/samsung-leaked-galaxy-chromebook-2-orange-color-ces-2021/1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/S-c-L5qr0AJODsaOlQf64_QiKaiFSwv8CcYn2JNINfU=172)

Images of Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Chromebook 2 have leaked, showing off a bright orange coloring in an otherwise similar-looking design. There are minor adjustments to the port layout and keyboard. Details about the internal specs have yet to be released. One of the leaked images is available in the article.

## [Scientists looking for aliens investigate radio beam 'from nearby star' (5 minute read)](https://www.theguardian.com/science/2020/dec/18/scientists-looking-for-aliens-investigate-radio-beam-from-nearby-star/1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/sBHAgWL9VnRUvr83hkuyclOV3nPmaLtprSiPqalxmB8=172)

A narrow beam of radio waves appears to have come from Proxima Centauri. All other radio waves detected so far that have appeared to come from outer space have been attributed to human-made interference or natural sources, but scientists have yet to find a source for this signal. A shift in its frequency was consistent with the movement of a planet, adding to the mystery of the finding. There are at least two planets that orbit Proxima Centauri, one that is believed to be a rocky world where the temperature is right for water to flow and pool.

## [“Game Changer” Perovskite Can Detect High-Energy Gamma Rays (3 minute read)](https://scitechdaily.com/game-changer-perovskite-can-detect-high-energy-gamma-rays//1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/T9cDgOBke8Op9DpG36BdADsNzlYSjgHM91SZ5q516-w=172)

Perovskites are materials made up of organic compounds bound to a metal. They are grown as crystals, and the quality and clarity of the crystals determine how they can be used. Scientists at EPFL's School of Basic Sciences have developed a perovskite that can efficiently detect gamma rays at room temperatures with a simple resistivity measurement. Gamma rays can affect biological tissue, so finding a cheap and reliable method of detecting them could be a game-changer for many industries.

## [ArtLine (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/vijishmadhavan/ArtLine/1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/cLGeL9XZuxsD5jxtKUuyHUveSnKQ0rfN3cX4qWgi35Q=172)

ArtLine is a deep learning-based project for creating line art portraits. There are many examples available. An 8-minute explanation video is linked.

## [10 JavaScript Hacks Every Web Developer Should Know (8 minute read)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-hacks//1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/zMGUjF1lu3JnbpD6rJwg8yg8kykMWp7ebzo67Qwye9c=172)

JavaScript is one of the most popular programming languages. This article contains 10 JavaScript hacks for writing cleaner code, saving resources, and optimizing efficiency. Each tip includes example code snippets.

## [The Milky Way is probably full of dead civilizations (3 minute read)](https://www.livescience.com/milky-way-alien-life-map.html/1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/011naE2aw5_O_y8wPGWK08-CokVEgGMcb1ejsGYaNQo=172)

A recent study on our galaxy has concluded that it is likely full of dead civilizations. The study used modern astronomy and statistical modeling to map the emergence and death of intelligent life across the Milky Way. According to the study, intelligent creatures tend towards self-annihilation. Many older civilizations were likely clustered in a band around 13,000 light-years away from the center of the galaxy, where there are the most sunlike stars. Civilizations that exist today are likely young.

## [Russian agent 'tricked into detailing Navalny assassination bid' (2 minute read)](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-55395683/1/010001768a265845-93132a8b-7fe6-4293-a190-a42349a83c3c-000000/rIUDnFb4mdg7hQMqU0awog5cZp8DSFZyhWyodNBykBk=172)

Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny duped a Russian FSB state agent into revealing details of an attack on him by posing as a senior officer seeking details for a report on the operation. Navalny collapsed on board a Russian airliner in the near-fatal attack in August. The swift response of the airline pilot and the emergency medical team where Navalny was first treated was likely the reason the assassination failed. The Kremlin continues to deny any link between the Russian state and the attack on Navalny.

