+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "drone", "videos", "quantum"]
date = 2021-01-12T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-01-12 - topics: drone, videos, quantum, ces, company, ai"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "drone", "videos", "quantum", "ces", "company", "ai", "using", "people", "starlink", "internet"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-01-12"
type = "post"

+++

## [Samsung's CES 2021 robots will clean your house and pour you a glass of wine (6 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/samsung-ces-2021-robots-will-clean-your-house-and-pour-you-a-glass-of-wine//1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/cfVFq_kXY_s_YYSNDD0nPo6I_lkp0wJnCbg-PwZ9gZ0=175)

Samsung unveiled three new robots at its virtual CES press conference on Monday. This year, the company emphasized the importance of AI to all of Samsung's products. Many of Samsung's AI applications run in the background, with the goal of being more personal and predictive. The JetBot 90 AI Plus is a robot vacuum that uses object recognition technology to identify the best cleaning path. It can empty itself, and it doubles as a home monitoring device. Bot Care is a robot assistant and companion that can learn about you and send you reminders throughout the day. The Samsung Bot Handy was designed to be an extra hand around the house. It can pick up and move objects and do things like sort dishes after a meal.

## [This is Sony’s Airpeak drone (1 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/1/11/22225758/sony-airpeak-drone-alpha-photography-cameras-ces-2021-announcement/1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/Oi2-qPyZQUtaly-5oTJp7x_YaefZl2z8JbW8kv6FfaM=175)

Sony unveiled its new Airpeak drone at CES 2021. It is the smallest drone capable of carrying an Alpha camera. The drone was designed for video content creation and professional photography. It has a quadcopter design that features two retractable landing gear extensions. A video that shows off its capabilities as a chase camera is available in the article.

## [Synthetic Celebrity: Cloning A Billion Digital Selves For Fun And Profit (5 minute read)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnkoetsier/2021/01/11/synthetic-celebrity-cloning-a-billion-digital-selves-for-fun-and-profit/?sh=2365817c29d2/1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/wso2O_smoK0CSv-2bSPU21hiKU_ji8RsEE8s4y7EJto=175)

Reface is a platform for making deepfake videos using celebrity likenesses. It has grown to three million active users from 10,000 in just six weeks. The company has been working on technology that enables near-infinite content personalization using anyone's face and body. Reface focuses on the fun aspect of creating deepfakes, with intentionally lower quality videos and techniques embedded in the videos to help identify them as deepfakes in case anyone tries to pass off one of its videos as real. The company aims to eventually allow people to license their likenesses for brands.

## [Elon Musk's Starlink satellite internet service has been approved in the UK, and people are already receiving their beta kits (2 minute read)](https://www.businessinsider.com/starlink-beta-uk-elon-musk-spacex-satellite-broadband-2021-1/1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/aajwQQVhOBYJDo6EG4ftQblHc3csvhJ2ueLiOp8WLIo=175)

Starlink has been approved by UK regulators and can now provide internet to people across the UK. Customers have already started to receive their kits. Starlink kits cost £439 upfront plus £84 for a monthly subscription. Users participating in the beta test should expect speeds of 50 to 150 Mbps.

## [Docker BuildKit: faster builds, new features, and now it’s stable (7 minute read)](https://pythonspeed.com/articles/docker-buildkit//1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/9BgxrU3Rmwq4GMrvLEnguM995onFa0im1MtXbKAgyCo=175)

Docker BuildKit is a new backend for building images. It features faster builds using parallelism, support for securely passing build secrets, upgradeability, and more. There are still some issues with it, but workarounds are available. BuildKit is enabled by default on new macOS and Windows installs, so developers should make sure their builds work correctly on it.

## [Default Credentials Cheat Sheet (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/ihebski/DefaultCreds-cheat-sheet/1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/bMe3LAwEvydCVfaTkaBpPWcUKasNQiYPywnIeAoIDwk=175)

This repository contains a list of default credentials. It was created as a tool to assist pentesters. There are 3523 products listed.

## [A “no math” (but seven-part) guide to modern quantum mechanics (15 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2021/01/the-curious-observers-guide-to-quantum-mechanics//1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/nJMnkt-c4zkNZYAmWUPEPd1dt51_L8vgGEMLz13j49s=175)

Quantum mechanics have entered into our everyday experience with modern technology, and the importance of quantum effects will only grow in the decades to come. This article is part of a seven-part series that introduces quantum mechanics and explains how it applies to our everyday world. The series promises no maths, no philosophy, and only experimentally verified information. This part of the series answers the deceptively simple question, "How do particles move?"

## [‘Your Cock Is Mine Now:’ Hacker Locks Internet-Connected Chastity Cage, Demands Ransom (2 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/m7apnn/your-cock-is-mine-now-hacker-locks-internet-connected-chastity-cage-demands-ransom/1/01000176f647fbab-4cd9c7ce-b35c-4879-9846-981262d0f7b3-000000/pcwsJ1tNE6F3jAZjWnukxLufPjrFczRq-oovjJELlx0=175)

A hacker took control of people's Internet of Things chastity cages and demanded a ransom to unlock them. Security researchers found a vulnerability in the sex toys last October. The victims were asked to pay 0.02 Bitcoin each to unlock their devices. This case highlights the need for better security practices.

