+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "omni", "glasses", "offices"]
date = 2021-09-10T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-09-10 - topics: omni, glasses, offices, 4-series, smart, available"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "omni", "glasses", "offices", "4-series", "smart", "available", "without", "trials", "cytokines"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-09-10"
type = "post"

+++

## [Amazon starts making its own TVs with new Fire TV Omni and 4-Series (4 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/9/9/22662673/amazon-fire-tv-omni-4-series-price-features)

Amazon has announced its Omni and 4-Series Amazon-branded 4K Fire TVs. The Omni series is a higher-end option with better picture quality and Alexa hands-free voice control. Voice commands will always be available, even when the TV is off. The commands can be used to adjust the TV's brightness, volume, to find something to watch, and more. The Omni also has a picture-in-picture mode for checking smart home cameras. Both the Omni and 4-Series can be wirelessly linked to Echo speakers. Pricing for a range of display sizes is available in the article.

## [Facebook, Ray-Ban debut picture-taking smart glasses (3 minute read)](https://www.axios.com/facebook-ray-ban-wayfarer-stories-5f113bfa-797f-4e2d-b99c-7d65a8726607.html)

Facebook and Ray-Ban's Wayfarer Stories smart glasses are now available for purchase in the US, UK, Italy, Australia, Ireland, and Canada. The $299 glasses can record photos and 30-second videos via dual 5-megapixel cameras, play open-air sound without headphones, and take calls. Photos and videos can be shared with a companion smartphone app. Wayfarer Stories come in several styles and colors and can be made as sunglasses or with untinted, prescription, or progressive lenses. The glasses will only have a couple of hours of battery life, but its included charging case will provide roughly a day of use.

## [BioNTech mRNA Cancer Treatment Moved To Human Trials After Huge Success In Mice (3 minute read)](https://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/biontech-mrna-cancer-treatment-moved-to-human-trials-after-huge-success-in-mice/)

BioNTech has been testing the use of mRNA vaccines against cancer. Animal trials have shown great promise, so the technology is now in human trials to see if they can bring the same success. Cytokines are proteins with anti-tumor effects. Research has shown that they can shrink tumors and even eradicate them, but they have a short half-life, and high levels of cytokines in the body results in adverse effects. The experimental vaccines encode cytokines directly into the tumors, creating them in large quantities without adverse effects.

## [A Single Laser Fired Through a Keyhole Can Expose Everything Inside a Room (3 minute read)](https://gizmodo.com/a-single-laser-fired-through-a-keyhole-can-expose-every-1847638281)

Researchers at Stanford Computational Imaging Lab have expanded on a technique called non-line-of-sight (NLOS) imaging so that a single point of laser light entering a room can reveal what objects might be inside. NLOS imaging uses algorithms to generate images based on reflected light, usually from lasers. The new technique's results are lower quality than other NLOS methods, but it still provides enough details to make guesses on the size and shapes of hidden objects. The research could one day result in a way for police or military to assess the risks of entering rooms.

## [Dopefolio (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/rammcodes/Dopefolio)

Dopefolio is a multipage portfolio template for developers. It is easy to set up, free to use, and can run without any additional frameworks or libraries. A playground demo is available.

## [Kubernetes Best Practices 101 (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/diegolnasc/kubernetes-best-practices)

This repository contains a guide on Kubernetes best practices. The guide covers security, cost optimization, scalability, resources, shutdown, and more. It aims to help with the learning curve and to help prepare more stable, reliable, and functional environments.

## [Microsoft indefinitely postpones return to U.S. offices as Covid cases surge (2 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/09/09/microsoft-indefinitely-postpones-return-to-us-offices.html)

Microsoft will indefinitely delay the reopening of its headquarters and other US offices as the coronavirus continues to proliferate in the country. The company had previously planned for employees to return to offices in September. Employees will be given a month-long transition period once the company decides it is ready to welcome them back. Facebook, Google, and Amazon are planning to allow workers to come back to US offices in 2022.

## [Matrix: Resurrections trailer is sheer perfection, both fresh and familiar (5 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2021/09/matrix-resurrections-trailer-is-sheer-perfection-both-fresh-and-familiar/)

The trailer for The Matrix: Resurrections has been released. It was first previewed at last month's CinemaCon in Las Vegas. The fourth installment of the franchise was first announced in August 2019. Many past cast members returned for their roles, and there will be a host of new characters. A link to the trailer is available in the article.

