+++
author = "Justin Guese"
bg_image = "/images/df-technews.png"
categories = ["news", "work", "data", "particles"]
date = 2021-04-08T12:40:24+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
description = "Tech NEWS 2021-04-08 - topics: work, data, particles, brain, remote, find"
image = "/images/df-technews.png"
tags = ["news", "work", "data", "particles", "brain", "remote", "find", "studies", "cells", "job", "bluetooth"]
title = "Tech NEWS 2021-04-08"
type = "post"

+++

## [T-Mobile launches long-promised 5G home internet service (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/4/7/22312155/t-mobile-5g-home-internet-wireless-broadband)

T-Mobile's 5G home internet service is now available for 30 million homes in the US, 10 million of which are in rural areas. There will be no data caps, hardware rental fees, or annual contracts. Customers will be able to self-install the equipment. While there are no data limits, customers are still subject to data slowdowns during times of network congestion.

## [Apple officially starts letting your iPhone help find lost third-party products (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/4/7/22372016/apple-find-my-bluetooth-tracking-iphone-network-third-party-vanmoof-belkin-chipolo-uwb)

Apple is opening up its Find My tracking network to third-party manufacturers. It is also offering a chipset specification for companies to integrate with its Ultra-Wideband systems. Users will be able to add selected items to be tracked by the Find My app starting today. Companies interested in adding this feature to their products can apply through the Made For iPhone program for authorized accessories.

## [‘Last Hope’ Experiment Finds Evidence for Unknown Particles (15 minute read)](https://www.quantamagazine.org/muon-g-2-experiment-at-fermilab-finds-hint-of-new-particles-20210407/)

Muons are elementary particles similar to electrons. Decades ago, scientists noticed that these particles wobbled more than expected when whipping around a magnetized ring. A recent new measurement confirms these results, making it significantly likely that an unknown force was giving the muons an extra push. The discovery, if confirmed, could break down the 50-year-old Standard Model of particle physics, which describes known elementary particles and interactions.

## [Post-mortem changes may shed light on important brain studies (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2021/03/210323131230.htm)

Certain cells in the human brain remain active for hours after we die. Some even increase their activity and grow to gargantuan proportions. Inflammatory cells called glial cells grow and sprout long arm-like appendages for many hours after death. The cells' job is to clean up things after brain injuries, so it isn't too surprising that they enlarge after death. Most studies that use post-mortem human brain tissues do not account for post-mortem gene expression or cell activity. These new findings mean that future studies will have to take into account these genetic and cellular changes and try to minimize them.

## [BleedingTooth: Linux Bluetooth Zero-Click Remote Code Execution (27 minute read)](https://google.github.io/security-research/pocs/linux/bleedingtooth/writeup.html)

This blog post describes the process of discovering high severity vulnerabilities in the Linux Bluetooth stack and then chaining them into a remote code execution exploit targeting Ubuntu systems. The exploit allows unauthenticated remote attackers to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges on vulnerable devices within short distances. As a result of this discovery, the Bluetooth High Speed feature is now disabled by default.

## [Learning COBOL: A Journey For The Modern Programmer (12 minute read)](https://monadical.com/posts/cobol.html)

This article is an introduction to learning COmmon Business Oriented Language (COBOL). COBOL is a domain-specific language for business. It excels in managing and manipulating heterogeneous data in record structures, using true fixed point decimal arithmetic, and fast access to externally stored record structures. COBOL is different from what most programmers are used to as it is mostly used to operate on records. Working with COBOL likely means that the developer will need to learn how to operate a mainframe.

## [CodeMiko will see you now (6 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/22370260/codemiko-twitch-interview-stream-technician)

CodeMiko is a virtual streamer with over 640,000 followers. The streamer roleplays as a failed video game character who had dreams of being in a Triple-A game but due to glitches is unable to. Miko used to work on the production alone, but now there is a team behind the stream. Her popularity skyrocketed after a tweet went viral in November. Miko started streaming after losing a job at an animation studio in LA in March last year. She invested $20,000 into setting up her stream.

## [Ask HN: What tech job would let me get away with the least real work possible? (HackerNews Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26721951&utm_source=tldrnewsletter/1/01000178b0f58f28-6b149772-923e-4ed6-a9b3-7e18af4fa2f0-000000/tK7ZT1dh6USfFbwPwfLA_iUrPXqfByjfiO5axKjauHc=188)

The pandemic has made some realize different priorities in life. Work and building a career is no longer a priority for some. However, everybody needs shelter, calories, and resources, so income is still necessary. In this thread, the original poster asks readers about what remote work is available for developers who want to work as little as possible. The main discussions talk about how to make oneself more valuable at a company, the considerations around budgets when committing to that lifestyle, and how to monetize hobbies.

